on #debate attack on "I thought that was one of his best answers of the night." #Th….
Who leaked the DNC emails?.
•Off on election day.
Iran's President says the two US election candidates offer voters a choice between "bad" and "worse" #ClintonVsTrump.
James Carville Admits That There Will Be Fraud On Election Day.
Rather inconvenient for the "rigged election" folks..
Highly recommend vids on the election, #PodestEmails, etc.—Hilarious & excellent political journalism.
Vote to get Soros Voter Machines removed from the election.
The recent election in Canberra was important for #PublicHousing.
Don't worry, honey, they boned #Bernie, and #Soros has the election #rigged. #Hillary couldn't lose if she never got a….
So, what's the purpose of having Federal Election Commission when its leader says it's worse than dysfunctional? #Podesta….
Yep #CrookedHillary will probaly WATCH the Election Results.
From her Jet in the Air.
In the 15th Senate District, Democrat Rob Teplitz has earned re-election: Editorial |.
Watching 60 minutes right now...  Great piece on the election.  Ohio has voted 'correctly' for the election every....
2 WEEKS BEFORE 1980 ELECTION Polls Had Carter-47 Vs Reagan-39…Reagan Won LANDSLIDE…Why Trump Will Likely Do The Same htt….
What? At the election the Coalition campaigned against Labor's negative gearing crackdown for reducing house prices🤔 ht….
Art inspires action. Explore the interactive political contributions in Kickstarter's #ElectionIssues:.
With the election coming to a close, here's one young woman's take: Why The Election Makes Me Sad - via.
Even the New York Times has figured it out..
Scientists Have Predicted What The 2016 Election Would Look Like If Only Homosexuals Voted,.
Quite the riff from Trump on Mosul, says Iraqi military went in to Mosul so Obama could look good before an election he's not….
Kaine on Hillary Pursuing TPP After Election: 'You Never Close the Door' - Breitbart.
Benghazi: Only Ends Justify Means Sociopaths Wld Sacrifice American Lives on The Alter of an Election Campaign #tcot h….
Did the Democrats accept the election results in the 2000 election?🤔.
Posting this every day until the election. How one party's supporters are dishonoring the Greatest.
Your vote will determine who fills the Supreme Court vacancy. That’s why this election is so important. #GunVote.
What's the point of having Federal Election Commission when its dysfunctional? #PodestaEmails16.
Video: Putin tells Americans, "You're being distracted from the REAL ISSUES".
B) Mensch's assertions in the article about her are just L….
