Hilary Clinton responding to q about Trump saying there's a vast media conspiracy? "I don’t even think about responding to….
Democratic left start to turn on presumtive president Clinton.
"I don't trust Hilary Clinton to keep my family safe".
#Clinton Body Count: 5 Found Dead in a Month, All Linked To #DNC.
Bahrain Donated 32M To The Clinton Foundation In Return, Hill Passed A Huge Arms Deal. She'll Do ANYTHING For MONEY #Never….
NY Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney: Hillary Clinton ‘Destroyed’ New York as Senator; Imagine What She’d Do to Country… htt….
Donna Brazile Complains She’s Being ‘Persecuted’ Over Leak To Clinton Campaign [VIDEO] #WikiLeaks.
Yes! Hillary Clinton helped migrant farm workers register to vote clear back in 1972. LONG positive relationship w/ Latino….
"IT BEGINS: Kaine opens door to Clinton pushing TPP..." #politicalnews #feedly.
Clinton strategy for front group to astroturf progressive youth into working for Clinton (see "Attachments").
Clinton Camp pays Miley Cyrus to campaign and travel with them. "American girls need a good role model".
WATCH: Hillary Clinton refers to Barack Obama as a Muslim (VIDEO) - Conservative Outfitters.
#WikiLeaks: #Clinton aides scramble to address alleged mistress nicknamed 'Energizer Bunny'.
Retired general says Clinton was 'foolish' to discuss nuclear response time in debate.
Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays!.
Revealing thing here is how Team Clinton seems to think it can easily use DC media to promote campaign propaganda.
"US is no longer a democracy" "Guess it takes a study to point out the obvious" billionaire to Clinton chief.
Should Hillary Clinton apologize to Catholics and Christians? Call in TONIGHT 864-373-0001 #ColorsUnite #OnlyTogether….
Workers in New Mexico faced Right to Work. asked for help. Clinton campaign said no. #PodestaEmails16.
Donna Brazile Complains She’s Being ‘Persecuted’ Over Leak To Clinton Campaign [VIDEO] #WikiLeaks….
CRIME! Just 5.7 Percent Of Clinton Foundation Budget Actually Went To Charitable Grants!.
