Citizens of Brussels Have An Important Message For Americans Heading To The Polls This Year #MAGA  #Debate #MelaniaTrump.
The whole world is #laughing at Donald #Trump in #SNL’s new #debate #sketch - The Washington.
for Trump vs The World.
"Every woman lied when they came forward to hurt my campaign... All of these liars will be sued after the e….
"Donald J. Trump is the most prepared man in history to step in as president of the United States." - Bobby Knight.
“I will be happy with myself,” Trump said of the final days of his race for the White House.
The Las Vegas is the first major newspaper to endorse Donald Trump for.
Trump refuses to accept the fundamental premise of our elections. That's dangerous..
plan to discourage Trump support: "Barrage with high frequency polls and declare the election over". So….
Trump Says Full Steam Ahead in Final Stretch of Campaign, Promises Punishing Schedule to the Finish.
O'Keefe nuclear tape tomorrow likely to be the long-awaiting tape of Hillary disparaging black people..
The Art of the Deal: How the CEO of the National Enquirer Suppressed Allegations of Donald Trump’s Misogyny.
"Donald Trump to me is the last hope for America." - 🇺🇸 #MAGA.
Thanks to for being a guest on this week's episode of The Chauncey DeVega.
Well, there was a lot of precedent for the GOP to win, but I think it's the same dilemma 538 had a Trump. 1/2.
#TRUMP's #DecisionDay message to all Americans! It's we the people of the United States against the corrupt money 💰 grab….
Did you know that during the 3rd debate supporters donated a record $9,000,000 to the Trump campaign!….
#WW3 - University of Sydney, ‘A World War Has Begun’ ...the danger is not Trump, but Hillary.
CBS Poll: 24 Percent of Florida Clinton Supporters Would Consider Voting Trump to 'Shake Up The Political System'.
REMEMBER THIS from the primaries?  TRUMP THE GLADIATOR!!.
Well look at what we have here. the #ClintonFoundation really? Imagine if you had the scrutiny Trump has w….
Trump: "My admin. will immediately pursue the following 6 measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion i….
