Watch the Trump-Clinton Town Hall #Debate on the #SNL App:.
#voteOutGOP #debate  goHere2do it #Trump sucks so goTakeItOutOnHim&The #GOP #RegisterToVote.
I'll be watching the final #debate with Clinton and Trump LIVE on Twitter Wednesday night..
Biographer: Trump will get even more dangerous and unhinged as election loss looms on the horizon.
Trump's OH chair is openly feuding with the state GOP chair 24 days before the election — Everything. Is. Fine..
Kid Rock on Donald Trump’s Presidential Run: ‘Let the Business Guy in There’.
A candidate unhinged and unmoored from reality. As the campaign ends, the danger of Trump is as clear as.
Alec Baldwin's impression of Trump was too much for the Republican nominee.
""Whatever you think you know about Donald Trump, the reality is so, so much worse." Houston Chronicle blogger on The Making….
In today's Globe: Assassination. Revolution. A coup. Inside the Trump supporter mindset ahead of "rigged" election..
Video of the time when Letterman called Donald Trump a Racist.
Donald Trump's biggest lie is about the election itself. Here's what I said on.
Yes I've been waiting for the big finale When Donald Trump lights his hair on fire.
Refinery29: Lil Jon Confirms That Donald Trump Called Him "Uncle Tom" On The Apprentice..
The more important question: how much is Russia invested in Trump?.
"Trump supporters are the violent ones".
Trump: "Athletes take a drug yes...I think we should take a drug test before the debates...".
Trump may have 0 Major Newspaper Endorsements but at least he's got the KKKs Newpaper Endorsement!.
The two most dangerous accusations that can be made in an election in one tweet. Trump is literally threatening American dem….
Donald Trump sniffed a lot at the 2nd presidential debate! What's wrong with #TrumpsHealth?.
Ten women have now accused Donald Trump of sexual assault, not including Ivana's claim and the child-rape lawsuit..
Trump: "The election's rigged." Pence: "He just means media bias." Trump: "Like, at polling places." Pence: "...".
Trump brings out the smiles! Pennsylvania Farmers Fair.
While you're watching Donald Trump burn down the GOP, the party's war on voting goes on full-steam, in FL, OH, NC and also….
STOP THIS LUNATIC Call Trump 855-878-6700 Overload the phones Empty his hotels  #BlackLivesMatter #ThatMexicanThing #glbt #Du….
CHURCHILL IS MY HERO,WITHOUT HIM WE'D ALL B GERMAN,TRUMP HAS EXPOSED THE CORRUPTION,IT WILL CHANGE OR WE WILLC….
Chilling: Trump in 1993 previewing the full-blown racism that will later become the hallmark of his presidential campaign….
GOP operatives in Arizona think Trump will lose the state. "We're not Utah, but we have a sizable Mormon population” htt….
The on Trump: "This is a campaign right out of Breitbart ... pulsating with grievance and.
I think this is my favorite conspiracy theory of the whole election. Hillary cheated at being smarter than Trump. With drugs.….
If elected, Trump will be the only world leader who denies that climate change is occurring..
Trump doesn't often use the word "animals" but it's clear who he means when he does..
Trump is projecting because everyone thinks he's been on Cocaine during the debates. Say yes lets s….
Want a culture that respects women? Turn off The Real Housewives & stop blaming Trump.
Looks like the left is nervous about a Trump Win.
Clinton's tax plan helps low-income parents, social programs like universal pre-K education. Trump's helps the.
