You guys really think Hilary Clinton is the lesser of two evils? After everything she's said and DONE? Mmkay.
Election #MakeoverMonday - Make sure to hit the parameter.  Data courtesy of.
Does the #RedskinsRule provide an accurate prediction of who will win the presidential election?.
Is a Speaker who endorses a guy undermining a democratic election upholding his oath to “defend the constitution”?.
This Election Is An Insult To All Of Us! [WATCH from Redacted Tonight] #election2016.
proud to say im officially registered to vote in the upcoming election! its easy/quick/important. register here:.
To avoid any potential MAJOR FEDERAL CRIMES all citizens ought avoid the internet entirely and get their election info….
Only 23 more days of US election coverage to endure! Need a break? Here's a picture of a puppy driving a car..
What Trump Did To Blacks And Jews 30 Years Ago Just Surfaced... This Could Change The Whole Election - World....
Believe it or not, only 3 weeks to go until the election. Here's where I think the race stands:.
"The national media is ignoring an avalanche of real hard evidence of corruption during the years of the Cl….
The Clinton's are criminals! Lack of character, lack of American values & the most corrupt!! Wake up America before it's gone….
Hillary is the only real candidate, and she's pro-military-industrial complex. That's not an election. That's a mil….
Breaking: Paul Ryan is working w/Dem's  & media to RIG the election and STEAL it from us..
The domestic terror of & How far will they go 2 take this.
The pollsters are lying. All part of corporate cabal. They are scared to death of Donald..
When will the DNC denounce this behavior? Where is Hillary Clinton's statement of disapproval of her supporters attack….
Of course. CNN has made itself an extension of the Clinton campaign..
The Redskins Rule: if WAS wins its final home game prior to presidential election, incumbent party retains the White House.….
In fairness, Trump's also praised the pope, sort of, in a Trumpian kind of way:.
