Breaking: New Hilary Clinton emails under investigation emerged from Weiner sexting case..
Hilary Has Lied After Lie,Benghazi,CORRUPTION!!.
#Wikileaks reveals Hillary campaign feared Voters would make the connection with 2 notorious Sexual Predators named BILL.…..
Breaking News: Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found “without delay”..
Hillary Clinton Calls On FBI to Release Information in Latest Email Investigation - ABC News - via..
Here's the full Comey letter, which also shows the Republican committee chairs it went to (some up for re-election).. Biggest scandal in the election becomes "October Surprise" and is talking about transgender…..
Clinton calls on FBI to release 'full and complete facts' of email review..
New information released about Hilary Clinton's emails that could impact her attempt to reach undecided voters..
STARTING SOON: Donald Trump holds a campaign rally in Iowa after FBI reopens Hillary Clinton investigation..
FBI found top Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s emails on laptop she shared with Anthony Weiner!..
Video: Hilary Clinton calls on FBI to release all the information it has..
#news #world Clinton calls on FBI to release 'full and complete facts' of email review: Hillary Clint... #recent..
Hilary Clinton comments on latest FBI Email Information #Clinton #BREAKING..
The FBI makes Hillary Clinton the 1st Presidential candidate to receive votes while under FBI investigation..
So the #FBI are reopening the Email Scandal with Hilary Clinton and her campaign... if Clinton is guilty she defini…..
BOMBSHELL: Hillary Clinton Herself Recorded Calling for Rigging The Election!.
And the first Iowa voter fraud case in 2016 is.... Emails that led to new FBI Clinton probe were sent or received by top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, official says..
Clinton demands FBI release "complete facts" about new email probe "immediately"..
The #US #election has been thrown another curve-ball as the #FBI announces it is reopening investigation into Hilar…..