Breaking:Judge issued restraining order against Trump campaign 2 stop them from intimidating Ohio voters #Bridgegate..
Why Russia is backing Donald Trump..
Trump Campaign Manager Admits Damage Already Done By FBI Leaks | Crooks and Liars via..
ELECTION-FRAUD # Wikileaks Admits Source of DNC Leaks Murdered By Clintons #SethRich #DrainTheSwamp…..
#RememberWhenTrump called out Hillary Clinton for rigging the election against Bernie..
#GOP Trump Surrogate leaked Info to..
Clinton leads Trump by 5 points, swing states tighten: Reuters/Ipsos poll.. Puerto Rico's collapsing economy could win the election for Hillary Clinton via..
Not sure about that, but: Trump is not going to win NV by 10 points on Election Day..
Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Issues Warning: Democrats May Rig Election on November 8..
BREAKING: Washington state elector says he won't vote for Hillary Clinton even if she wins state's popular..
L.A. Times Tracking Poll: Donald Trump Still Up 3.5 Nationwide - Breitbart..
BETFAIR-4/1 Hilary Clinton or 8/1 Donald Trump to win + £100 in FREE bets + MONEY back if you lose…..
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice: Emails on WikiLeaks Show a Top Federal Lawyer Giving Hillary a Quiet Heads Up..
Donald Trump wins support from Native American coalition - - #Tru…..
WIKILEAKS: Clinton Campaign Worked With Media Matters, Leaks Reveal #WikiLeaks #PodestaEmails http…..
Said just like a man who had his life threatened and changed by Hillary Clinton #podestaemails30 #Wikileaks..
Why Russia is backing Donald Trump #DonaldTrump in bed with the Ruskies..
Black Leader Endorses Donald Trump: Democrats ‘Ask Us For Everything, Give Nothing Back’ #Trump2016 #Blacks4Trump http…..
Black Leader Endorses Donald Trump: Democrats ‘Ask Us For Everything, Give Nothing Back’ - Breitbart..
Email: "help the people of.... WikiLeaks: Hillary Clinton Pushed Mexico's Oil Privatization..
Julian Assange: The Clinton Foundation and ISIS are funded with the same Saudi and Qatari money.. A lifelong Democrat Andrew Stein: "I’m backing Trump because he can shake up our politics and revive the economy"..
Wikileaks to release evidence showing Hilary Clinton is funded by people who are backing ISIS-wake up America..
Black Trump Supporters Explains Why They are Voting for DONALD TRUMP!.
In an unprecedented act of sedition, Rudy Giuliani confirms the FBI leaked information to the Trump campaign..
1) Part C of Clinton email story: No, HRC did NOT violate any laws regarding disclosure of classified information..
"Sources confirm Snipes was breaking the law and opened more than 153,000 ballots cast by mail in private"..
Bill Clinton had "real serious conflicts'" with foundation work according to latest leaked emails from #WikiLeaks..
I liked a video 'Trump won’t be permitted to win' - Assange interview with John Pilger (Courtesy..
Wikileaks Exposes Clinton’s Satanic Network..
Julian Assange: Global Elites, Banks, Arms Companies and Media Will Not Allow #Trump to Win (VIDEO)..
Clinton’s Detroit detour signals Dems’ worry..
'Trump won’t be permitted to win' - Assange interview with John Pilger (.....
Anti-Trump ads remind us that a guy who talks about banning religions shouldn't be president..