Wait Hilary Clinton ruined your life not the guy who raped you not the judge get the fuck on you dumb bitch.
Embarrassing Photos Of The Clintons - WIKILEAKS Stockhomles more to come on Emails Hilary Clinton her family.
He would say: Well first Bill Clinton said it, then Obama, & now Hilary. I just finished saying they do. I am the o….
One of the most shared essays about Hillary Clinton of the entire election. #StrongerTogether #ImWit….
FiveThirtyEight's polls-only forecast gives Clinton an 83% chance of winning the presidency.
Comment: The author is absolutely correct: The 'politics of fear,' as we now see, has been honed in to something l….
Clinton at 79% in our conservative, polls-plus forecast, which is tied for her high on the year. 82% in polls-only. http….
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department..
🚨COLLUSION: HuffPo Writer informs Clinton camp to "Shut The Hell Up" about Clinton Sex.
SHAMEFUL! #PodestaEmails2 exposed from begging to help the Clinton Campaign!.
Posting this again for all the media hacks who are busy today smearing a rape victim in defense of Hillary Clinton.….
Bill Clinton’s bodyguard said the former president graded women via.
She caused the DEATH of our #Benghazi 4.
The State Department releases a new batch of Hillary Clinton emails.
Clinton: All the time I turn around, brothas gather 'round always looking at me up and down, look….
BREAKING: The Record endorses Hillary Clinton for president of the United States #Election2016….
The View’s Joy Behar calls Bill Clinton’s rape victims “tramps,” liberal audience laughs via.
#wikileaks10 👉Clinton advisers tried a campaign strategy at least 2 yrs before she entered the race..
"Without the media, Hillary Clinton couldn't be elected dog catcher".
Russian govt news agency called words of a Clinton confidant "the October surprise." They were my words. Putin lied. ht….
Bill Clinton’s bodyguard said the former president graded women.
Look what just happened in Detroit. The irony of Hillary Clinton saying insulting AA while Black man w/Rapist on t shi….
New emails reveal the rituals and dynamics between the Clinton campaign and friendly journalists..
Secret Service counts 18,000 here between the event and voters outside the security perimeter -- Clinton's largest rally of….
