US scheme to redeploy ISIS proxies from Mosul to eastern Syria is an open secret; Nasrallah warned of it this week.
The Kurdish Question and Mosul Operation - IMPORTANT TO READ!.
US, Saudi Arabia to grant ISIS terrorists free passage from Mosul to Syria: reports via.
US, Saudis to grant 9,000 ISIS fighters free passage from Iraqi Mosul to Syria – source.
As the #Mosul liberation offensive looms, #AMAR is preparing to ensure that civilians fleeing the city receive the help the….
Mosul is 'going to get messy,' analysts predict via.
#Iraq's elite Golden Division has left Camp Speicher and is on its way to positions near #Mosul to bring the fight to #I….
The U.S. is reading 9 thousand terrorists from Mosul, Afghanistan to transfer to Syria & retake Palmira & Damask!.
I think it is only the #Saudi who are unhappy with anyone trying to dislodge #ISIS fom #Mosul, #Iraq..
The US and Saudi is sending 9000 new ISIS-jihadists to #Syria..
9000 IS-warrior allowed the US to leave Mosul | apg29 via.
Saudi FM Adel al-Jubeir: "Alhashd Alshaabi" is a sectarian militia loyal to #Iran and its role in the battle of #Mosul….
ISIS main supporter #Obama is helping IS reach new free zones to terrorize, may be about to unleash 9,000 #ISIS.
The coming death and carnage is horrifying predictable. Humanitarian corridor for civilians to escape desperately n….
Serious additional funding is urgently needed to allow & partners to prepare for massive expected displacements from #Mos….
Russia claims US giving 9,000 ISIS fighters safe passage from Iraq to Syria as part of secret deal with Saudi Arabia http….
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack (cont).
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russian troops', M… htt….
Obama to allow 9000 #ISIS to go free to fight #Russia #ArrestObama.
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul.
Impossible to believe anything from Obama administration. He is incompetent &.
corrupt to the core..
TERROR DEAL America plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russians.
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russian troops',?.
#US_Saudi_Plan: Let 9,000 #Daesh Fighters Walk Free from #Mosul  to Fight in Syria.
The coming death and carnage is horrifying predictable. Humanitarian corridor for civilians to escape desperately needed.….
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital ...M….
This is the truth about what's happening in Syria. Obama is backing terrorists to take out Assad for Saudi Arabia..
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russian troops', M….
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russian troops.
BREAKING ! RED ALERT ! Russian Defense Ministry Threatens to Shoot Down US Jets in Syria ! WW3 Is about to begin ?.
What is Hot in the World: US and Russia 'will go to war' unless proxy Syria conflict resol….
A secret network just a few kilometres from Syria is rescuing fighters who have decided to leave ISIL..
