•Trump wants to lower tensions w.
Another terrorist act against the #Trump campaign: #debate.
If you elect Trump this CONTINUES UNTOUCHED!From Halloween to Election... by #iansomerhalder via.
Took this great shot of the team aboard Trump Force 2. With Election Day near, we're wheels up to Florida! Happy Halloween!….
Why the new child rape case filed against Donald Trump should not be ignored….
I just reported: Donald Trump has a secret server...it connects to Moscow..
Aug. 18: "Donald Trump himself has financial ties to oligarchs in Russia who are close to Putin." -  http….
Exclusive: A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump.
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump via.
Donald Trump Encourages His Supporters To Vote Twice #ctl #ImWithHer #TNTweeters #HillaryCli….
How Reince Priebus blithely let Donald Trump destroy the RNC.
Did the FBI investigate memos from a veteran spy alleging the Russians had an operation to cultivate Trump?.
Team Trump: Early Voting Numbers Show The Donald on Warpath to Victory - Breitbart.
Donald Trump has a secret email server set up to communicate privately with the Russian Alfa Bank..
SAY OF THE DAY: "As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." -Donald Trump.
Saxo Bank: ‘Donald Trump will become the next U.S. President’ -.
I believe that Donald Trump has run for president by Divine Intervention for the purpose of healing our land and uniting our….
The Hottest Women of Donald Trump Love Life - Top 10.
Analysis: The vengeful world of Donald Trump, and why it matters by #Decision2016.
Audio of Trump praising the Clintons and Democrats: Listen to the nice words Trump had for the Clintons and f....
Donald Trump: "It took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made" by #CNN via.
Happy Halloween! Harley Quinn, a doctor and a Latino voter (scariest thing ever to Trump) ready to trick or treat..
I wonder how reasonable establishment voices lost control over the GOP and ceded it to Trump?.
It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia..
Just yesterday Trump was singing the praises of Putin. Yesterday..
Another day from campaign hell. Read: Donald Trump ally Roger Stone admits ‘back-channel’ tie to WikiLeaks.
Comey was against releasing information on FBI's Trump-Russia investigation,saying it was too close to the election..
Why the new child rape case filed against Donald Trump should not be ignored # via.
#TRUMP FOUND TO BE COMMUNICATING SECRETLY WITH MOSCOW.
Note that the server possibly talking to Russia was in TRUMP ORGANIZATION - not Manafort. TRUMP.
FEEL THE ENERGY IN MICHIGAN!? Get out & VOTE!! Time to #MAGA!! Lets go #TrumpTrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸You ALL get out & VOTE - TRUMP….
Dems to Comey: Share info on Trump and Russia (Comey, come clean).
