Want to know something really scary? In 8 days the 'leader of the free world' will be either Hilary Clinton or....
"Did you know that Kezia Dugdale has gone to the US to campaign for Hilary.
An #ICC investigation into #Afghanistan would be a huge challenge for H Clinton. Her record on the Court is v mixed:.
The corrupt Hilary Clinton campaign.
Brazile was giving #Hillary the questions for #debate⚡️ “WikiLeaks prompts CNN to cut ties with DNC chair Brazile.
Hacked #email suggests #Donna #Brazile leaked question to Hillary Clinton campaign ahead of #CNN primary #debate.
The NC Senator (up for re-election) "mused over the weekend that gun owners may want to put a 'bullseye' on Hillary Clinton….
What's next: FBI unlikely to conclude Clinton email review prior to election.
I feel like this is the type of email from Hillary Clinton people like to ignore.
Leaked Email: Google Chairman Wants To Be Clinton's Advisor | The Daily Caller.
Oh Yea, Babe! Billionaire drop 25M onto the #TrumpTrain on big Ad buy's to hammer on #Hillary Clinton's Criminality! htt….
Opinion: Time for special prosecutor: The time has come for President Obama to get off the Clinton campaign t....
Ck out the title o what Clinton just tweeted.
WikiLeaks 24: Algeria Donated To The Clinton Foundation To Be Removed From Terror List #MA….
IT'S GETTING DEEP! FBI Agents Refused To Destroy Laptops During Clinton Investigation!! #Drain….
WikiLeaks: Clinton Staffers Knew About Anthony Weiner Talking To Underage Girls.
Top #GOP senator to #FBI : 'Your disclosure is not fair to Congress, the #AmericanPeople ' or #Clinton #HillaryEmail.
Julian ASSANGE   The next leak will lead to the arrest of Hillary CLINTON.
Would it be Huma's job to keep Clinton from drunk-nuking?.
3rd email shows CNN's Donna Brazile rigging Clinton v Sanders debate by leaking more questions to Clinton in advance.
No because no one wants to be associated with the Clinton Titanic..
Leaked MEMO : Hillary Wants Clinton Foundation To Keep Accepting Foreign Donations after she is Elected ***.
Caught! Clinton Voters being Bussed to Polls! via.
IT’S GETTING DEEP! FBI Agents Refused To Destroy Laptops During Clinton Investigation!! T….
good dogs for Clinton practicing to be poll watchers.
