THIS IS NOT A DRILL....FUCK #ELECTION2016 ...FUCK #SYRIA...FUCK #GLOBALWARMING THIS IS ALL THAT MATTERS NOW THANK YOU #G….
#UN is a.
The Assad regime is killing so many detainees in Syria that it now amounts to the crime against human….
This👇 is very important.  Long, difficult to listen to.  At least listen 8:00-16:00.  The United States is destroying Syria.….
'The Only Scary Thing About Syria's Refugees is that They Are Just Like Us' by.
"We've trained to save lives and this is Syria's hour of greatest need.".
A global coalition of aid groups has demanded that Russia is thrown off the UN Human Rights Council because Syria.
I have never seen any images of Syria  how it is until I just seen this.... Wow this is heartbreaking man..
We raise awareness of the suffering of Syria's children that is our main concern here everything else is extra.
Hillary's plan for Syria is to bring all Syrian  to the USA & support them with taxpayer money !  Huma's idea !.
this is Syria assholes #freeSyria #freeMosul #freeGaza.
Syria: 4 Uncomfortable Truths That Washington Is Ignoring.
and should be fixed it is #Syria , one of the parties have to do so is.
Haven't seen anyone, save for ISIS propaganda sites, saying Mosul is going unexpectedly poorly. So this is...odd..
The latest Occidental Perspective is out! Thanks to #news #syria.
It is starting to look like the Islamic State isn't going to put up much opposition to defend Mosul.
Donald Trump, prophet of doom, is ready to write off Mosul.
Another one this time from Peshmerga denies Turkish claims re Mosul. This is becoming ridiculous..
White House: 'Too early' to claim Mosul is a failure via.
“What this shows is Trump doesn’t know a damn thing about military strategy".
This is not a joke anymore. Pro-AKP talking heads frantically discuss & post this expanded map. Turkey annexing Mosul,….
This guy has been trying to patronise me about Syria and 'the MSM' for the last few days. He thinks IS are in control of….
This is who Hillary wants to shoot down over Syria and who Donald trumps wants to ally with to fight isis. If you v….
This piece is SPOT-ON. Exactly what I wanted to write- read it - great job.
