UK government must make sure child protection is at the heart of #Mosul offensive. Join me and help protect children.
The world needs to wake up. #Turkey's Ottofascist awakening is a serious threat. "Retaking" Aleppo and Mosul is just the….
Is the US siding with #Iraq against its NATO ally #Turkey? Another sign of US-Turkey tensions since.
Turkey's Demands Complicate Plan for Mosul Offensive.
Disgusting how the 'enemy' is now seen as useful #titsup! It's all going to get messy - try pursuing peace not war.
Al-Hashd al-Shaabi: Our participation in Mosul offensive is confirmed ; refuse presence of any foreign troops.
#Trump  is (mostly) wrong on #Mosul " the battle plan to retake the city will not be on surprise.
How important is surprise in Mosul? IISS expert Ben Barry explains advantages of letting enemy know you're coming.
IS Militant Executes Own Father in #Mosul - BasNews beheaded his own father.
Meanwhile, back in the real - as opposed to our surreal - world, a ball of confusion: that's what the world is today.
HPG/PKK says it will participate in Mosul operation despite of Turkish and KDP opposition.
The US support and protect the ISIS.
BBC News - Battle for Mosul: A row between Turkey and Iraq could derail the offensive Cahil ERDOĞAN.
Last updated 4 minutes ago The recapture of Mosul from Daesh (the….
sorry, is Wisconsin anywhere near Mosul?.
This is what you're looking at if you're a Sunni Syrian/Iraqi: Shia cleric el Kabi says the takeover of Mosul will be reveng….
Two terms of Obama & the Global Order is Collapsing-->Putin cancels Paris trip, diplo crisis over Syria deepens.
Syria is the victim of another regime change operation launched by Washington..
We can be grateful that it is Russia and not Israel/USA ridding Aleppo of terrorists. Gaza City, Fallujah!!!!!.
eu_eeas: The European Union is at work for #Syria, to restore a political process and humanitarian aid delivery.
Executive Director Paul McPhun on the current crisis in #Aleppo, #Syria: "This part of the city is in a complete state of….
For The Killing Of Homosexuals; Praises Orlando Shooter, Slams Muslim Clerics Who Condemned The Attack #MEMRI.
The ongoing tacit and direct US support of al Qaeda/al Nusra is reprehensible..
Bullshit! Look what we've pulled off. > "What Syrian regime & Russians doing is the greatest crime of our century.".
The world is at #war against its own children. UNICEF: At least 96 children killed & 223 injured in eastern #Aleppo sin….
We are facing the possibility of a second Cold War – and if it happens, Isis will never be defeated.
Both scary and unbelievable. I suppose Trump is the less dangerous to future world peace..
Syria - Is The U.S. Preparing A "False Flag" Bombing? of F18's with Russian colors.
the terrorism is Putin and Assad and Isis (the Allies)..
But the world..droopy.! http….
ISIS shaving off beards, recruiting kids and booby-trapping city ahead of Mosul offensive ..
Q&A: Inside the Making of “Confronting ISIS”.
This is exactly what BOTH Trump and ISIS want: to erase any space of coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims..
#HillaryIsCaughtCommittingHIGHCrimesAndTREASONSAgainstTheUSPeopleAndUSA At The HIGHEST.
