Serious additional funding is urgently needed to allow & partners to prepare for massive expected displacements from #Mos….
"Once Mosul is liberated & its Caliphate shown as farce, Daesh will revert back to terror org & insurgent threat.".
When Mosul is liberated Daesh will retreat to Raqqa..
When Raqqa is liberated they will retreat to Turkey..
Turkey's Demands Complicate Plan for Mosul Offensive: Plans for an offensive to uproot Islamic State from the....
#Isis is rigging #Mosul with bombs ahead of the US-backed #Iraqi offensive to liberate the city.
Turkey’s demands complicate battle plan to retake Mosul from Islamic State  via.
A big fight is brewing asTurkey & Iraq edge closer to confrontation, ahead of battle for Mosul:.
Big chance erDOGan points Mosul but is going to kill the Kurds..
Isis is rigging Mosul with bombs ahead of the US-backed Iraqi offensive to liberate the city.
Proof US is working with ISIS to take Syria.
Question'sWho'sNot going2participate to Mosul Ops?EvenWorst SectarianShiaMilitiaWill!Though,FactYBSwillDo Is Justice!http….
According to a French newspaper, what is being descri….
Erdogan's Mosul obsession is to maintain a state of impending conflict with enemies to justify extending state of emerge….
Our visit to the front lines against #ISIS near #Mosul. The liberation of Mosul is expected to begin within days..
The latest Occidental Perspective is out! Thanks to #syria #news.
A colour run is how #Syria sends a big fuck u, to #ISIS, #AlQaeda & the entire US state department funded fake revolution….
Seumas Milne is a nasty piece of work:  "Corbyn aide compares UK bombing of ISIS to Russian atrocities in Syria".
Journalist Eva Bartlett: “I’m Back From Syria. The Media Is Lying To You!”.
Mr. Putin seems to think Syria is a magic portal that will help Russia to a new level of international recognition..
‘US not powerful enough to bring peace to Syria’ – France’s Hollande.
is ready to go to war against Russia in #Syria – with  terrifying, thermonuclear consequences".
Pepe Escobar on #HillaryClinton 's Axis of Evil - #Syria #WWIII  "Clinton is ready to go to war ag….
to record on Syria is thousands of freed villages, thousands of tons of humanitarian a….
#media ‘Now That’s Insane! ISIS Is Not Going To Take Over The United States’: Chris Matthews….
‘Now That’s Insane! ISIS Is Not Going To Take Over The United States’: Chris Matthews Reacts….
'Now That's Insane! ISIS Is Not Going To Take Over The United States': Chris Matthews Reacts To Trump Speech.
