What is this April 1st.....
Turkey is a Te….
AJ: #Kurdish fighters killed and #French soldiers wounded after IS  drone into forces near.
500,000 dead 1,600,000 injured 11,000,000 displaced this is Syria 2016 visit  #Syria.
“Syria is bleeding. Its citizens are dying. We all hear their cry for help”. | #AleppoIsBurning….
British is little more than a cover for #al-#Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra".
Mainstream media: Syria lies need to be exposed before it is too late -.
Stuck on Stupid: Why is America Starting WW3? #Syria #Russia.
Trump is not a wise choice.
How is Demi not on this? She literally lives and breathes mental health advocacy from DC all the way to Syria? Wtf.
Here is a link to my interview about #Syria and #Russia for Andrew Mitchell starts at 3’20”; I’m after. htt….
The Russians made a decision that they own Syria and future oil distribution rights. They're on offense--US is out..
No, RWNJs, Obama works w/ Putin, nobody is threatening Nukes: Russia and US to join new talks on Syria, Moscow says.
If #Hillary Is Elected We Will Be Like Syria 👹.
This is who 21st century progressives support, amazing. A "democracy" with an uninformed public is extremely dangerous..
BBC News - Syria rebels set up internment camp for IS defectors.
Winter is on its way for millions spending their sixth winter under canvas and pole #Syria.
French President Francois Hollande is now talking shit about the United States.. #ThanksObama #Syria.
American journalist detained in Turkey for two months is freed.
Shot on phones by refugees fleeing Syria, #MyEscape is an absolutely vital watch. 6pm today, Trailer:.
U.S. Peace Council returns from Syria: “It is not President Assad against his own people, it is President Assad....
Husband Of Jo Cox Says Corbyn Spokesperson’s Stance On Syria Is “Disgraceful” via.
Yazidi activist is standing up for at-risk women in developing & conflict areas: v.
If Clinton OWNED this leak on Saudi/Qatari support for IS, she'd look gutsy and smart. However....   via.
