We paid out on Hilary Clinton winning the US Presidential election today. wasn't happy about it....
Hillary Clinton must take a stand against the dirty, dangerous Dakota Access Pipeline: #DAPL #Elec….
proof Hilary rotten Clinton ordered the deletion of emails:.
Y'all telling me y'all wouldn't have poked Hilary Clinton back in the day?.
Clinton aftermath of Haiti where the Hatians despise her and the Clinton Organization..
UPDATE. Here is video of taking on a hellish glow before tonight.
Nearly one in four millennials would rather have a giant meteor destroy the Earth than see Trump or Clinton elected..
We spoke with the stars of "Harold & Kumar” to find out why they are campaigning for Hillary Clinton:.
Arab nations donate vast sums of #money to the #ClintonFoundation; currying political #TheDeplorables.
Finally! WikiLeaks Releases Details of Exactly how Hillary is STEALING THE ELECTION!.
The Daily Pennsylvanian endorses Clinton: Even Trump’s alma mater school UPenn thinks he's an unhinged lunatic bigot.
If all of us don't revolt on Nov 8th  over Clinton Cartel Corruption, we will have lost the Republic #MAGA #TrumpPost16 #Trum….
The most radioactive of Clinton affairs concern dubious relationship w/Jeffrey Epstein’s kids club.….
In Australia, foreign department says its funding the Clinton Foundation through a health initiative..
• Clinton will not make the electoral map blue.
Justice for Danney Williams, the bastard son of Bill Clinton that he has refused to care for..
'How to Commit Voter Fraud on a Massive Scale': Part II of Project Veritas Investigation into Clinton Network - -.
General Cartwright is paying the price for Hillary Clinton’s sins.
Pure collusion between of WaPo & #Podesta & Cheryl Mills to cover up the personal life of Bill Clinton.….
We're live at a press conference now where Danney Williams is claiming he is the illegitimate son of Bill Clinton:.
The #Clinton campaign actually has a "WJC Team" to clean up after #RapistBill's messes per #WikiLeaks emails.
