Kansas GOP criticized for mailers that depict what appears to be ISIS fighters ready to do battle in the state.. Türkish Barbarism at the gates of Europe : 2 Kurdish #PKK fighters captured alive by barbaric Turkish = ISIS soldiers…..
Hillary attacked Libya, murdered thousands of civilians, allowed ISIS to take control..
Over 300 child fighters among nearly 500 killed in battles by US-backed forces to liberate #Mosul from #ISIS, a Syrian watc…..
Only the Syrian authorities, the Syrian Army & Russia can eradicate terrorism in Syria..
Hillary push to attack #Libya creates stronghold for #ISIS..
Iraqi forces 'two villages away from capturing Mosul'..
ISIS claim responsibility for Hamburg attack that killed a teenager..
Leader of AlQaeda's Syria branch is personally leading all out "rebels" assault on 1.5 million civilians in pro gov controlle…..
WarZone: Iraqi troops make final push to Mosul [Video] - The Iraqi Army backed by U.S. airstrikes is making its.... Hashd volunteer and Shia scholar who was feeding abandoned livestock is killed by Daesh terrorists during #MosulOps..
Battle for Mosul: Iraqi forces close in on IS-held city #UnitedKingdom..
ISIS targets children in Mosul with teddy bear bombs |..
Our team is prepared to help families fleeing #Mosul..
🚨🚨 Breaking Terror: ISIS Claims deadly Train attack in Hamburg as Merkel's & Hillary's Muslims attack at will..
After ISIS attack in Kirkuk, Arab families being pushed out, forced to move to camps..
New propaganda video released by Islamic State shows Christians being killed, children beaten, men being..
The U.S. is on both sides as Turkey intervenes in Syria to fight ISIS and Kurds (which are fighting ISIS)..
Saudi Arabia thwarts ISIS plot to attack 60,000 sports fans #MiddleEast..
Only the Syrian authorities, the Syrian Army & Russia can eradicate  terrorism in Syria..
Over 10 thousand people fleeing Mosul..
US "confident" coalition agreed on Mosul, Raqqah timelines: WASHINGTON, Oct 31 (KUNA) -- The US military is ".... Drone captures build-up of Iraqi forces near Mosul as army enters ISIS stronghold (VIDEO)..
News Wrap: Iraqi forces fight their way into Mosul: The post News Wrap: Iraqi forces fight their way into Mos.... Reason #146,760 to be sure she's never President..
#Syria opposition source: #IS is expelling residents of Deir Ezzor to make way for the families of fighters in Mosul..
The Clinton emails revealed by Wikileaks prove US was fully aware its Gulf allies funded IS and al-Qaeda..
Wikileaks: #CrookedHillary Clinton took money from, and was board member of, company doing deals with ISIS...