Mosul offensive: forces launch mass attack on Iraqi city in bid to oust..
Syria’s army is preparing for a massive invasion of Isis fighters who will be driven out of Iraq when Mosul falls..
- Ikhlas, 6, fled conflict south of #Mosul, #Iraq; via..
Awesome footage of Iraqi air force smashing #ISIS convoy trying to escape #Mosul to #Syria #Iraq..
Airstrikes in Mosul drove Islamic State group underground, literally - forcing them to live in tunnels.. Turkey and ISIS both attack Christian Graves..
Iraq’s ‘ramshackle’ Mosul offensive may see Isis defeated but it will expose deep divisions between forces involved..
Mosul battle: US says IS using human shields - BBC News..
Egyptian army kills over 100 ISIS militants in response to deadly terror attack - Middle East - Jerusalem Post..
Australian forces help Iraq, Kurds in attack on ISIS city of Mosul #A..
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russian troops', M…..
Two months to take Mosul from Isis, says Iraqi general [The..
ISIS' leader, Al-Adnani,was Killed in Syrian attack #funding #investors #startupchats..
What happens when Israel evicted.. Egyptian Military Kills 100 ISIS Fighters following Sinai Terror Attack via  send in the drones!..
If the US thought Syria & Russia weren't ready to confront the plot to let ISIS escape #Mosul, it better think again..
#MAGA #UKIP #Frexit 130 people were killed in the November 2015 Paris Terror Attack, 89 at #Bataclan.. ISIS teen who killed French priest freed from jail months before attack despite terror vows: ‘I’m going to attack.....
BBC News - Mosul battle: US says IS using human shields..
5 hours ago: ISIS used so far 16 suicide vehicles to attack both Peshmerga and Iraqi Army..
australia: Australian forces help Iraq, Kurds in attack on ISIS city of Mosul..
US admits fighting ISIS in Mosul risks civilian lives: The US says its anti-ISIS operation in Mosul and elsewhere…..
Iraqi air force destroys a convoy of IS Jihadists fleeing Mosul - Iraq vía..
“The Iraqi army arrived yesterday and took the town, and today Isis came back and the army ran away.”..
Concerns Rise as Battle to Defeat ISIS in Mosul Begins - The long-awaited Iraqi offensive is underway to retake.... Iraq makes gains in ‘difficult’ assault on IS-held Mosul..
Mosul battle: US says IS using human shields - The US accuses Islamic State militants of using civilians as hum.....
Egyptian army kills over 100 ISIS militants in response to deadly terror attack..
Retaken villages show #ISIS increasingly driven #underground..
#MAGA #UKIP #Frexit 130 people were killed in the November 2015 Paris Terror At…..
Trump’s campaign is ‘empowering terrorists', say families fighting to stop Isis..
500,000 dead 1,600,000 injured 11,000,000 displaced this is Syria 2016 visit  #Syria..
Syrian journalist says UK is dealing with Assad as “a president, not a criminal” #Syria..