Mosul offensive: forces launch mass attack on Iraqi city in bid to oust..
Syria’s army is preparing for a massive invasion of Isis fighters who will be driven out of Iraq when Mosul falls..
Awesome footage of Iraqi air force smashing #ISIS convoy trying to escape #Mosul to #Syria #Iraq..
#Mosul: women&children flee city or stay for battle to come?.
Airstrikes in Mosul drove Islamic State group underground, literally - forcing them to live in tunnels.. Turkey and ISIS both attack Christian Graves..
Iraq’s ‘ramshackle’ Mosul offensive may see Isis defeated but it will expose deep divisions between forces involved..
Mosul battle: US says IS using human shields - BBC News..
Egyptian army kills over 100 ISIS militants in response to deadly terror attack - Middle East - Jerusalem Post..
Australian forces help Iraq, Kurds in attack on ISIS city of Mosul #A..
Russia's ultimatum to rebels in Aleppo is 'an ominous signal' of what's to come via..
America 'plotting to allow 9,000 ISIS fighters to escape terror capital Mosul so they can attack Russian troops', M…..
Two months to take Mosul from Isis, says Iraqi general [The..
Dramatic video shows an ISIS attack on Iraqi tanks as they move on Mosul..
ISIS' leader, Al-Adnani,was Killed in Syrian attack #funding #investors #startupchats..
Trump on Obama's Mosul "Attack" Farce ( 9000 ISIS Safe Passage to Syria) via..
US admits fighting ISIS in Mosul risks civilian lives: The US says its anti-ISIS operation in Mosul and elsewhere…..
Iraqi air force destroys a convoy of IS Jihadists fleeing Mosul - Iraq vía..
‘Mosul offensive may see violent ISIS militants going back to Europe’ – EU security commissioner..
Mosul battle: US says IS using human shields - The US accuses Islamic State militants of using civilians as hum.....
Egyptian army kills over 100 ISIS militants in response to deadly terror attack..
Is a better world possible without U.S. military force?..
500,000 dead 1,600,000 injured 11,000,000 displaced this is Syria 2016 visit  #Syria..
Syrian journalist says UK is dealing with Assad as “a president, not a criminal” #Syria..