Brexit moment for Trump  means he is hoping at the end of the day, there will be silent supporters and a landslide for him….
The President of Colombia arrives to pass on the 'Banana Republic' baton to 2016's surprise entrant, the UK.….
"Despite the Brexit triumphalism, a uniquely dangerous moment for British sovereignty".
#Tories want #Brexit deal for themselves not the using #brexitshambles to enrich rich, starve.
#Brexitshambles A magnificent thread, countering in detail the "Germany will be accommodating to UK over Brexit bec….
#Brexitshambles A magnificent thread, countering in detail the "Germany will be accommodating to UK over Brexit because tr….
Brexiters are sacrificing the countries industrial base for the vain attempt to 'take back control' #brexitshambles.
This 1965 Richard Crossman entry o the immigration white paper, when Labour tried to out-trrump (sic) the Tories, m….
Attempts to keep the UK locked inside the single market amount to a great betrayal. Must not happen! #Brexit.
The latest 'The Brexit News Daily!' #Brexit  Thanks to #news.
Agreed: Their trying to change the goalposts. The voting majority are not fools: the single market was not a caveat….
Seperating the Signal from the noise. #Brexit Vote for Europe  via.
Brexit means subsidies for the rich (again) paid for by the bigoted povos, yobs, chavs and plebs who voted for it..
on the road again with the Brexit debate. outlines work to date..
4. And the average Briton has to work more hours than the EU-15 average to achieve that income. h….
3. The British are no richer relative to the EU-15 average than they were 15 years ago:.
Should the Brexit vote have happened at all?.
The ICC: An African Brexit Moment? - There was not any reaction when countries when Burundi and the....
WATCH: Today Daily Politics took a moment to appreciate some of the sweetest treats which had been produced by the Gre….
Trump in the lead as race enters final week... looks like the Americans are about to have their Brexit moment.
United States could be heading for its "Brexit moment" in the race to the White House #Trump2016 #Clinton.
The US might be heading for its Brexit moment. Trump could win.1st report from over the pond..
I was chuffed to hear Stephen Hawking's jab at impossible Brexit mathematics! Awkward moment for the PM! The whole….
Another great article which shows why is the best political commentator around at the moment.
United States could be heading for its "Brexit moment" in the race to the White House #Trump2016 #….
