This is how we should see Hilary's side (including the Clinton News Network) smearing Trump..
Trump: No, I didn't *actually* do what I said I do on the tape. It was just locker room ta….
BIG THANKS to for the coverage! is getting popular... #debate.
Trump addresses the #MSM's accusation that he "invaded Hillary's space" from 2nd #Debate. Laugh RIOT!😂 Added some flavor for….
gets a 2 hr special after the #debate! In that time it was back to Trump bashing & showing the tape 3 TIMES….
Vladimir Putin Is Determined to See Trump in the Oval Office via.
According to planned to edit vulgar Trump tape to sway the debate and election. #mediabias #TTT16.
Also the campaign appears to be saying no story is to be believed this close to the election..
Don’t lower the bar for Trump: President is a hard job and he keeps giving no indication he knows how to do it..
This is the one thing about the election I do appreciate. It is good to know who the human garbage cans are..
It is now more likely for Clinton to win Texas than it is for Trump to win the presidency..
Trump on claims he loomed over Clinton in intimidating way at debate: "The last space I want to invade is her space".
Trump threatens to sue the New York Times over another story, which is basically a weekly occurrence at this point..
The Liberal Media is out in full force tonight trying to take down Donald Trump. if you support Trump regardless of….
Donald Trump to Howard Stern in 2008: I wanted to put O.J. Simpson on "The Apprentice," but "NBC went totally crazy".
Airline Couldn't Help Sick Child, So Donald Trump CAME TO THE RESCUE! - The Political Insider.
After watching Trump deny at debate that he ever practiced what he bragged, two women came forward to the http….
There's nothing in the statement to suggest he wants ppl to vote Trump. Looks only anti Clinton to me. Leaving POTU….
TW: Trump is 70 years old. He grew up in the 50s & 60s so when he says "in the good ol' days" this is what he means. ht….
Hillary has to take the focus off her so stoop to this level. I am so digusted when Trump is just trying to help us.
Trump deliberately walked in on naked 15-year-old girls during the Miss USA pageant, because he could "get away with things….
Trump Is Smiling From EAR TO EAR After The News He Heard Just Moments Ago... -.
Jerry Falwell Jr. on Trump: "I don't think he's the man he used to be".
Trump just needs to stay on the attack..
Story has multiple women on record, describing precisely the same behavior Trump bragged of to Billy Bush.
Trump is telling people to vote on November 28th, y'all. This is real life..
I am not the one who will be mourning on Nov 8th. It will be a grand celebration that we elected #Trump President.….
TWO OLD LADIES CONNECTED TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SAID TRUMP TOUCHED THEM PRICELESS HILLARY HAS LOST ALL HOPE WE HAVE HIT MAKE….
Two women on the record describing Trump doing things identical to what's in the Access Hollywood tape:.
The downfall of Wells Fargo's CEO is a warning to investors that banks are in the firing line in the US election..
#ICYMI This morning at I urged Christians to not sit on the sidelines in this election. Watch:.
