Trump: wHAT ABOUT THE 300 E-MAILS.
Just look at the sadness in Hilary Clinton's eyes. How dare Rudy Giuliani use the tragedy of 9/11 as a political Trump piece….
Donald Trump reminiscing on the time he grabbed Hilary Clinton by the pussy  #Debate #Dancehall 🎵Virginity - #ElS….
Washington Post and Hilary are in bed.  Wiki Leaks proves it.  Evil, corrupt, fixed. All True and TRUMP WILL WIN....
Paul Ryan ‘Not the Leader’ of the GOP — Party Believes Trump Is the Leader #WednesdayWisdom #debate #PaulRyan.
Darn the pesky facts #debate Trump on the #Irandeal..
The Clinton mainstream media failed to take out Donald Trump, because the truth sides with US! #debate.
Trump criticizes Obamacare and the Iran deal #debate.
I mean I can just post this everyday until the election... Live look at the Trump campaign....
We are taking on the mainstream whore media and.
Bill Clinton Mocks ‘The Coal People’ In West Virginia, Kentucky For Supporting Trump [VIDEO] via.
Trump campaign attacks the New York Times for doing exactly what the Trump campaign has been doing to Bill Clinton.
"You are a disgusting human being," Trump told NYT reporter who asked about the women's claims..
Hazleton, PA back in the news. "Trump reopens old wounds." Shame on the local leaders who are standing behind him..
With the election of the first woman President..
The Media starting another Smear campaign on Trump right before the next Debate,  IGNORE IT! We are headed to the White….
What trump and Hilary really think about Africans and Immigration.
Trump Urges His Supporters To Get Out And Vote ...On Nov. 28th?: Rachel Maddow had a little fun with the....
The same liar that wrote the article on Trump and Rowanne Brewer Lane is the same one behind the new hit piece.….
Trump: Mexico will pay for the wall!.
RUMBLINGS: Ryan & GOP establishment were behind the release and uncovering of Trump Tapes..
Kimmel Kartoon - The Flintstones and Trump Video - YouTube.
Those who defected from the Trump campaign are the politically correct establishment that have created the mess that Amer….
