What to expect from the Media when Trump wins (based on brexit passing) - Pat Condell vid: America's Moment of Truth.
In Little England, the conceit of Brexit is on full display | South China Morning Post via.
The long-term consequences of Brexit #feedly.
"In Little England, the conceit of Brexit is on full.
"We’re not for a moment saying Brexit is impossible. We're just saying it’s going to be hard" says of….
#Brexit is going to take Britain back to the 1970s, says former Bank of England member and PIIE President Posen.
"We’re not for a moment saying Brexit is impossible. We're just saying it’s going to be hard" says of.
JPMAM's Alex Dryden joined Bloomberg Radio to talk on Brexit and the Bank of England.
Looks like another Brexit subsidy might be in order to protect UK farmers from the ravages of Brexit #brexitshambles.
My article in this edition of Left Field on Ireland's relationship with the EU post Brexit. via.
Did no one actually explain the meaning of #Brexit to Tim Martin? #brexitshambles.
Corbyn has not even bothered to meet all the members of his Brexit team.
“Only Labour can make a success of Brexit. We will fight to make it work for everyone, not just the favoured few." —.
may be introducing the term "gummers" to go alongside or even replace remoaners in #Brexit debate..
The Guardian view on #brexit : Who will win brexit clowns or country?.
Going Underground: The Best of Brexit.
Might we now expect a referendum vote on the UK FAs' relationship with FIFA? Is it time for another #Brexit ?.
The long-term consequences of Brexit.
The Govt has failed to provide clarity on Brexit negotiations. Labour is demanding a clear plan for Brexit that delivers….
Time to refresh peoples minds on what Brexit vote was all about. Watch Brexit The Movie.
Wetherspoon's prepared to abandon some of best beer in the world to make a petty #Brexit point. #brexitshambles.
High Court to deliver verdict on constitutional right of UK Government to trigger Article 50 tomorrow, 10am. #Brexit h….
Ewan McGregor talks #Brexit on the red carpet as he arrives for the Gala screening in Edinburgh of his new film Americ….
Here are the issues of both Candidates to be fair. You can vote for whomever you want. I'm on no side. I'm British I vot….
German council of econ advisers: try to avert Brexit Reminds how far many are from serious thought re the endgame.
Common sense on Brexit from European businesses. Only obstacle appears to be the high priests of Euro federalism!.
Not just companies, lots of people are scoping out alternatives to living in a post-brexit uk in case the worst happens..
No imagining the humiliation of a leading #brexit eer`s child having to write a term paper on this:.
Listen to on discussing the implications of today’s High Court judgement on Brexit.
Whoever in the media world came up with term #brexit , should be shot!.
In medium term direct impact of #Brexit and UK slowdown on #EBRD regions likely to be limited #EBRDrep.
