This cleric is a "moderate rebel" in #Aleppo, who likes to surround himself with children in war zone, just in case...
For damn sure, if we want to successful! - But watch out for the Turks who would rather attack our Kurdish allies,….
#BREAKING - #Iraqi Federal Police liberated al-Shura town south of #Mosul from #ISIS in dawn attack..
Watching to see if there is confirmation of stabbing attack on guard of US embassy in Kenya, as ISIS' news wire Amaq claim….
SPECIAL REPORT: The Raqqa invasion is imminent. What it means for American boots on the ground by….
Good thread here on what's going on with ISIS while the focus is on the battle for Mosul....
Circled areas represent important supply lines for IS in Mosul, arrows represent probable route of PMU along the way to….
Hashd militia says its main task is to sever ISIS’ Mosul-Raqqa r via.
A window into heaven... and hell: As another battered Iraqi town is liberated from the evil clutch of ISIS, C....
Tal Afar located between Mosul and the Syrian Border..
Q..Why is Trudeau hiding the facts from his leftist supporters,,our troops are in Mosul fighting on the front line!!re….
E.U. authorities brace for wave of Islamic State fighters after Mosul assault - The Washington Post.
The latest Thought Process Daily! #iraq #mosul.
If you want to know what will happen to Mosul after Isis is pushed out,look back to fall of.
If you want to know what will happen to Mosul after Isis is pushed out,look back to fall of Saddam.
As the U.S. military prepares to attack Raqqa, a Syrian collective of activists and journalists stress that only....
"As long as Mosul is in the hands of Daesh, we can’t claim that Kurdistan is fully secure".
Terrific frontline reporting by as #Kurdish and #Iraqi forces close in on #Mosul.
Archbishop of #Mosul leads first Sunday mass in #Qaraqosh since retaken from #IS #Daesh #ISIS y http….
After Isis is defeated, the battle for Mosul really begins, writes.
"If you want to know what will happen to Mosul after Isis is pushed out, look back to the fall of Saddam Hussein.".
Aus Govt using paid ads warning people to not seek asylum in Aus . Ad is targeting people in Iraq amid Mosul offensive . Ne….
The state of Iraqi Sunnis after IS sees Mosul & Aleppo facing one plight.
#Russia is the only country in #Syria acting according to international law, observes German statesman Willy Wimmer..
How do you even defend this. The substance shown by wikileaks=massive pay to play/Corruption - + Syria NFZ. Trump tho is a s….
There is also a NO-FLY ZONE there. While US tries imposing no-fly zone in Syria, it uses the same tactics to block media….
She is still killing in Iraq Syria  for wha? Greater Israel the great deceiver of innocence!.
After Mosul offensive, a tale of two villages: One rose up, the other was abducted: as Iraqi forces launched ....
The battle to defeat ISIS in Mosul (Iraq's second largest city) is underway. Here's what you need to know..
#Trump #Clinton ah yes this Evan McMullin - is anyone not involved in the Syria mess?  There must be a poli….
The pipeline issue is real and I've reported it for years -- one aspect of Syria. But -- there are zero links in th….
ABC News Poll: Hillary Clinton is leading Trump in the key battleground states of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Syria, Afghanistan….
American press is lying to the American people about Syria attack 8-)  via.
The pipeline issue is real and I've reported it for years -- one aspect of Syria. But -- there are zero links in those tweet….
Muhaysni congratulates mother of a boy he is about to send on a suicide mission in #Aleppo & assures her he will get his v….
Prophecy Alert - Current Situation in #Syria Reeks of WW III.
What Saudi is doing in #Yemen with US' help is the same as what Assad is doing in #Syria with Russian help..
They killed a baby girl with her mother shelling in Douma in Syria+18.
Defeat of #ISIS in #Mosul may push terrorists to launch attacks in #Europe – German spy chief.
What is the difference between Turkish a….
Fall of ISIS in Mosul may push terrorists to launch attacks in Europe – German spy chief #rt.
Thinking of traveling abroad? Think again. You're now a walking profit center for ISIS.  #p2.
Some of the weapons that #ISIS left behind and fled were found by #Iraqi federal police south #Mosul in liberated areas..
