If you are in Bristol and want to fight Brexit and stand up for the rights of EU citizens, join us on 2 Nov..
Forecast: Will the GBP to EUR / USD Exchange Rates Ignore Economic Data Ahead of BoE ... |.
Succinct and to the point. There comes a time in many politicians career when they get forgiven for their wrongs. Brexit is….
WATCH: Today Daily Politics took a moment to appreciate some of the sweetest treats which had been produced by the Gre….
The moment you realise that #Brexit is going to really affect your life 😫🙈 #nuttachance I am settling for this!.
Labour's Helen Goodman asked about the implications of Brexit for birds trying to have sex.
Labour’s cluelessness leaves the Lib Dems to rally those against hard Brexit | John Harris.
“Only Labour can make a success of Brexit. We will fight to make it work for everyone, not just the favoured few." —.
Post Brexit bribes to bankers & businesses leaves the working class short changed by a bunch of Tory con artists..
PAUL NUTTALL: Time for Labour to admit BREXIT would benefit the working class #EU #brexit #referendum #voteleave.
So labour have 170 questions to put to the Tories about BREXIT 🤔.
Can we please get Peter O'Hanraha-hanrahan to cover the Brexit negotiations?.
WATCH: warns of a 'great betrayal' of Britain's vote to leave the EU..
Insider video of direction and policy making in action at the Department for # Brexit.
The Govt has failed to provide clarity on Brexit negotiations. Labour is demanding a clear plan for Brexit that delivers….
nothing to do with #brexit and everything to do with the rising hate / abuse of them within old Labour.
"Oh Dr #Luther, the Church of England has chosen Mr Calvin here to be chief advisor for our ecclesiastical Brexit".
I keep telling then to Look at the damage BREXIT did and the worst is YET to COME. or that Asshole Duterte in Phiil….
Another remainer loon Thinking the people of #Sunderland are wrong to vote for #brexit….
I keep telling then to Look at the damage BREXIT did and the worst is YET to COME. or that Asshole Duterte in Phiilipi….
The courage of in speaking out, had a lot to do with the UK voting BREXIT. If you're an American, you migh….
Time to eject England from the union #brexit.
Poles are looking to leave the UK after #Brexit because of increase of hate crimes against their community.
They detest the British government for dumping Europe. Gibraltar voted 96%  to stay #Brexit.
#Fintech And #Brexit: How The Industry Plans To Beat The Odds.
Carney's was the only soothing voice morning after #Brexit trying to calm a devastated country, spiraling markets. http….
must work with, not against to get the best deal for the North East fishing industry post #brexit.
Two incompetent clowns adding some bigotry to the #Brexit mix.
have a look at this suggesting colossal cost to taxpayer on the deal:.
Scottish independence is more of a threat to the financial services industry in Scotland than Brexit, a new....
Brexit: stealing from the NHS to subsidise Nissan for something they do for free now..
Increased red tape, cost of trade, bribes to big business to stop them relocating are just a few of the 'benefits' of brexit….
Brexit: Government reveals it is seeking tariff-free access to EU markets - The Independent.
More of our MPs need to stand up and be counted.  Do the right thing for our country and future generations.
Mark Carney is the only adult in the room at the moment. Brexiteers need to stop talking the £ down with their atta….
Brexiteers seem to be very blue sky at the moment. Must not fill up with petrol. #Brexit.
