• Total jobs attributable to Trump: 34 K to 67 K.
'This economy will be a lot better' with Donald Trump in office.
Trump vows to throw Crooked Hillary in jail! #debate.
Our new "Trump Force 2" is sporting fresh paint and ready to help us make the final push to Election Day! Next stop—Lovelan….
Republican Trump voter arrested in Iowa for voter fraud after allegedly attempting to 'rig' election.
I was honored to be there!!! Donald Trump Jr. Strikes Blue Collar Tone In Detroit [VIDEO] « CBS Detroit.
of course this trump supporting fraud won't tell you about Donald's ties to Epstein.
This is Donald Trump in case you forgot..
Obama: Donald Trump is not equipped to be president | He has more than Obama had a brain. The campaigner in Chief.
Donald Trump says he would defund Planned Parenthood. Kelly Ayotte already voted to defund it 6 times. #NHSen.
Students deserve better, Join educators in telling Trump to stop bullying:.
Trump camp & NV GOP are trying to "rig" the election with voter intimidation. Now they have to go to court..
Rape lawsuits against Donald Trump linked to former TV producer.
Trump says Russia isn't influencing our election, and so do these Russian trolls who are being paid to influence our e….
Hundreds of prominent #economists just #denounced Donald #Trump in an open letter to voters via.
Trump campaign instructs early Clinton voters how to change their vote to Trump.
Ted Cruz to Campaign with Gov. Mike Pence for Trump-Pence Ticket in Iowa, Michigan #MAGA #Iowa #Michigan.
Boston Globe Reports On Law Firm Secretly Funneling Money To Clintons & Dems        Vote Trump.
A 15 point shift toward Trump in a month.
A black church was burned today with the words Vote Trump. Have a feeling this is going to change. I certainly hope so..
Trump accuser calls off presser, says she's afraid to come forward amid death threats. "She's in terrible fear" says attorn….
Statement on Trump accuser becoming too afraid to show her face. "She is living in fear," lawyer Lisa Bloom said. http….
Officers this morning! Now this: 'Vote Trump' painted on black church THEN set ablaze in Mississippi.
Calif. woman accusing Trump of child rape to break her silence - NY Daily News.
Donald Trump is a menace to women! #StandWithJaneDoe #ImWithTur.
Trump takes 3-point lead in Virginia! Trump 44% Clinton 41% Which hasn't Turn Red Since 2004, Remember to "Go Out and….
Trump always has to pay people to do things. Trouble is, he then  stiffs them..
