Criminal Clinton is in deep water and public calling for Hilary to do time in jail..
Criminal Hilary Clinton cashes in from her corrupt criminal activity at the expense of American people..
We're not yet to the "not in our name" point in our relationship with Hillary Clinton, but we will be soon enough..
Breaking Alert: Hilary Clinton and mass media propaganda are attempting to hide the facts of Criminal Clintons corr….
Hilary Clinton and mass media propaganda dogs are attempting to hide the facts of Criminal Clintons corruption..
Criminal Clintons corruption; too dirty for our white house. Put Hilary in the jail house..
The Dangers of Hillary Clinton are too many to list!.
WHITE HOUSE CHEF: HILLARY CLINTON CALLED BLACK SERVANT THE ‘N-WORD’  #CNN #debate.
#ImWithTur because twitter has been biased in favor of Hilary Clinton so of course this whack job is "trending"....
#ImWithTur because twitter has been biased in favor of Hilary Clinton so of course this whack job is "trending"... http….
Just in from #CNN Head Quarters Hilary Clinton is up in the Polls #Trump laugh so much I pee myself :).
STILL BREAKING!!! FBI National Security Division has discovered NEW Emails Frm Hillary Clinton illegal Server in the 65….
In this country our leaders are bound by the rule of law. Hillary Clinton must be held accountable for her actions..
Clinton Foundation Partnered With Planned Parenthood to Expand Abortion Around the World.
BULLSH**TER OF THE DAY: Karl Rove, for weighing in on Hillary Clinton’s appearance.
Exposes Clinton Donor: Blacks Are "Seriously F***ed in The Head".
Who will draw up Clinton's cabinet? The DNC? Goldman Sachs? Citibank? #PodestaEmails shows how its done:.
Senator NUKES Clinton Foundation, Calls it “Largest Money Laundering…Operation in the ht….
Polls: Clinton up in Florida, North Carolina and Pennsylvania but trails in Ohio.
The National performing at a Clinton GOTV event in Cincinnati; apparently depressing people will motivate them to vote.
Our TV is up in swing states. We will not give 95% of the black vote to Hillary Clinton. #HillaryHates.
Fmr. White House lawyer Richard Painter (a Republican) tells me why he's supporting Clinton despite the email probe:.
WIKILEAKS: DOJ rep chosen to head up review of the new Huma Abedin emails exposed colluding w/ Clinton campaign!.
Hillary Clinton Says She Was in New York City on 9/11 (She Wasn’t).
Assistant Attorney General Involved in New Clinton Email Investigation is Podesta Friend via.
