My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
A rare Wednesday #CampFargo appearance as ASU students wait in line for over six hours to see Hilary Clinton..
Criminal Clinton corruption attemps to discourage voters from voting. Public outcry to send Hilary to jail.
James Franco strips down to support Hilary Clinton- WATCH:.
Time to #DrainTheSwamp and….
#Clinton Body Count: 5 Found Dead in a Month, All Linked To #DNC.
MATT DRUDGE TO EXPOSE HILARY CLINTON'S LOVERS - WIKILEAKS NEXT DUMP? 30,000 EMAILS WERE via.
Racism+ Misogyny go hand in hand. Doing to Hilary Clinton ,what they've done to President Obama for 8 yrs .Die hards.
CROOKED: Clinton camp plotted to circumvent clean election.
Charges are ready to be filed against Clinton..
I liked a video Hillary Clinton's election fraud finally exposed. California stolen from Bernie.
BREAKING: FBI Ramps up year long Criminal investigation in2 Hillary Clinton Foundation Wit New PAY4PLAY Evidence Etc!Do….
VIDEO: Clinton Machine 'Caught Busing Voters to Polls' in Ohio..
AP: State Department fed info to Clinton campaign after she had left govt & modified draft press release for her.
Google/Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt ready "fund, advise, recruit" for Clinton... by #ibsharkbait via.
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:.
Insider: Hillary Clinton Joined Bill On Multiple Trips To Pedophile Island.
Politico follows up on our DoJ-Clinton collusion story #Kadzik #PodestaEmails.
While Hillary Clinton's improper server is probed, has 75 pending cases including a trial date for child….
WikiLeaks: DOJ official gave ‘heads up’ to Clinton camp: reports on #TheLead.
Law Enforcement Sources Confirm: Ready to File Charges Against Clinton!.
Clinton Campaign Has To Return Thousands In Donations Connected To Illegal Straw-Donor Schemes Ever Uncovered  BB4SP ht….
Breaking: US intel leaked Hillary emails to wiki leaks..
Wikileaks Exposes Collusion Between Clinton Campaign, State Department, And New York Times | Zero Hedge.
"DON'T TAKE OFF!" Lynch faces federal lawsuit to give details of that tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton..
Top House Republican says Hillary Clinton would likely be IMPEACHED if she was elected president. #ImWithTur.
Internal Coup Against Hillary Clinton Has Begun: Red Alert - #tcot #tlot.
WikiLeaks email shows Justice official alerting Clinton team to House hearing via.
wikileaks: FBI has 2,800+ pages on Hillary Clinton's alleged illegal access and misuse of FBI files while FLOTU… htt….
Women Whose Question Was Given to Hillary Clinton Before Debate Says She Should Be “Disqualified”.
Attorney General is SUED to come clean on secret Bill Clinton meeting.
There is only one candidate who has devoted her entire life to lifting up America, and that's Hillary Clinton..
explains how the tightening race is starting to get to Hillary Clinton!.
Attorney General is SUED to come clean on secret Bill Clinton meeting via.
ICYMI: Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about.
