Considering #animals Hilary outclasses the mud-dwelling #Trump http….
The 1975, Bastille, Meat Loaf, Blondie, MIA, Charlatans all winners at Q Awards - the flag for the music industry....
A few weeks ago Don Watson told me: without Hilary in the race Trump couldn't win. If you missed it.
Bank of America strategist says the US economy would grow significantly if Trump wins.
How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy.
Democrats realizing that Trump is just one state away from winning the election..
Molly, aka the Thing of Evil, after believing Donald Trump was the CANDIDATE of evil, switches her allegiance to someone e….
Look at the Yugeee line of police that showed up to greet and thank Donald Trump on the tarmac in FL. #BlueLivesMatter "We….
TRUMP WILL BE THE.
The scene in Miami, Florida right now for your next President of the United States of America - Donald J. Trump! Get out &….
This is how Trump's team reacted when a Daily Beast reporter tried to cover the rape charge. Few covered it since..
Why the new child rape case filed against Donald Trump should not be ignored # via.
Just like the 1960's, #Racists are burning churches to scare and intimidate Black Voters - Thanks #Trump.
Now Leading 'ALL THE REICH MOVES' #TRUMP.
Yet the Trump University court date isn’t until after the election because the judge Trump said couldn't be fair was t….
Here is the updated complaint for child rape filed in federal court against Donald Trump recently. Heartbreaking..
David Duke is "overjoyed" to see Donald #Trump "embrace" the issues he's championed. #LAsen.
More than four times the number blame the media for a rigged election than the Russians..
Fun fact: if elected, Donald Trump would be the only leader of any nation on earth who denies climate change..
My NEW video “America's Pharisees for Trump” --  how America's conservative Christians™ giddily kicked Jesus to the curb f….
The Louder Hillary screams the more Guilty she IS!! Left is lying thru their teeth! They will try to Stop the Truth!.
The Kremlin having kompromat on Trump would explain so very much:.
on why the media hasn't widely reported the Trump child rape allegations... until now?.
Donald Trump Is Accused Of Raping A 13-Year-Old. Why Haven&#39;t The Media Covered It? | Huffington Post.
The chick at the end hates Donald Trump more than YG.
29 Most WTF Moments Of The Election: The Trump Taco Bowl Photo #Election2016.
Pensacola BREAKING NEWS: #NewJersey judge orders #RNC to turn over SCUM OF THE EARTH #Trump poll-watching deals.
A second Kansas militant in the trio also posted pro-Trump material:.
My view: Donald Trump is the president we need.
Stuttering Mess Obama Attacks Trump in NC: “The Republic Is a Risk” if Trump Wins (VIDEO) via.
A #blackchurch burned in the name of Trump. #BackwardsNever.
The real October surprise was Obama forgetting to delay the Obamacare increase notices until after the election..
Donald J. Trump: The worst candidate for president in the modern history of the United States..
Well, the #voterfraud in Florida is already happening..
Can't our kids be the dreamers? Politicians don't consider their dreams! VOTE TRUMP!.
Fresh Off the Boat: Citizen Jessica - Trump Politics in the '90's (Recap/Review) - Mike's Film Talk.
Bernie spent today campaigning for Hillary in Wisconsin and Michigan, the two states Team Trump is now most intensely pur….
Special live Factor tonight. Can Trump really beat Clinton? We have the latest polls:.
While Trump calls media dishonest and says we don't show the crowds, our pool camera is, well, showing the crowds..
A group of 370 economists have signed a letter warning against the election of Donald Trump 🔓.
What's that you say? You want *more* evidence that Trump lacks the character necessary to be president?.
Has the Trump campaign ever released a statement regarding the "trump" graffiti and attack on mosques? Or attacks on Musl….
