Why the Defense Department says it's important the Iraqi offensive retakes Mosul from ISIS:.
The battle for Mosul is underway: the beginning of the end for ISIS in Iraq..
YPG: ISIS, SNC gangs and the Turkish army continue to attack Rojava -.
A victory v. ISIS in Mosul may not matter in the overall effort to eradicate the group, reports.
YPG: ISIS, SNC gangs and the Turkish army continue to attack Rojava.
On the Ground as the Massive, High-Risk Attack on ISIS in Mosul Begins via.
Welcome to our 21st century technology fuelled dystopian utopia. A live stream of the attack against ISIS in Mosul, Iraq w….
#YPG: ISIS, SNC gangs and the Turkish army continue to attack Rojava.
On the Ground as the Massive, High-Risk Attack on ISIS in Mosul Begins - The Daily Beast.
The Saudis, who are now confirmed to fund ISIS, will mediate and guarantee the terrorists safe passage from....
Video of the first reported #ISIS suicide car bomber attack in #Mosul in #Iraq.
The battle for Mosul is on like Donkey Kong! The Iraqi army has ISIS on the run!.
The assault on Mosul, ISIS' stronghold in Iraq, is underway.  and will take you there..
Analyst Michael Rubin: The reason why Turkey excluded from Mosul operation is, Erdoğan's possibility to help ISIS leade….
The liberation of Mosul will happen. But beating ISIS and keeping the peace are very different things..
What is #Mosul? 5 things you NEED to know about the battle to free Iraqi city from ISIS Control.
The Biggest Battle Against ISIS In Iraq Is About To Begin And This Is What You Need To Know via #Mosul.
Iraqi, Kurdish and Shia forces are involved in the fight to retake Mosul from ISIS. More on their competing agendas: http….
Muheisni crying about his ISIS allies in Mosul asking for people to save the city from the "Rafidha." Most forces fighting….
'Why the battle for #Mosul matters in the fight against #ISIS' - in & for.
has the experience and temperament to lead the fight against #ISIS. #StrongerTogether.
Rising Concerns as the Battle Begins to Defeat ISIS in Mosul.
The #US warplanes open a corridor for #ISIS to withdraw from #Mosul to the eastern territories of #Syria.
The operation to liberate #ISIS-held #Mosul, #Iraq's second largest city, has officially.
