The attack on Mosul is fraught with risks that could disrupt the American presidential campaign:.
Erdogan It is “out of the question” for Turkish troops to stay out of #Mosul offensive..
'Out of the question' for Turkish troops not fight in Mosul, Erdogan says.
If #Hillary is elected, get ready for the #draft..
So who is responsible for....
Who could imagine that the #Syria-n army would retake Kwaeris airport under siege for 4 yr by IS &hold graduation for new….
Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON        (AP) -- More is riding on the b....
#Top - Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON        (AP) -- More is riding o....
Once #Mosul is recaptured, the work begins. Civil society actors prepare for #reconciliation.
Now if Obama had NEVER PULLED out of Iraq, we would not be fighting now for the FOURTH time to take Mosul..
The operation to recapture #Mosul from the #IslamicState is well underway. So far, it's made considerable progress..
I thought the US had been bombing IS in Mosul for the past 2 years. Just found a bunch of new targets though! Fun! htt….
The battle for Mosul is being streamed live on Facebook.
This is insane. CNN shows suicide bomber blowing himself up during battle for Mosul.
Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON (AP) — More is riding on... <--Full Story.
Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON (AP) — More is riding on the battle fo....
Battle 4 Mosul has barely begun but the civilian death toll is already rising I can see how Obama got that Laurette!.
AP: Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle.
[AP] Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle.
#BreakingNews Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON (AP) — More is r... via.
This is what the BBC hate for.
Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle.
Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON        (AP) -- More is riding on ... (AP).
Mosul offensive provides a pre-election boon for Obama: The battle for Mosul is a chance for President Barack....
The battle for Mosul is being live streamed on Facebook.. Related Articles:.
Iraqi pilot takes a selfie while flying high above #Mosul today! The end is nigh for Daesh in #Iraq.
Salon | The battle for Mosul is live streamed..
Even if Mosul is liberated, it won’t be the end of the Islamic State — via.
The #Iraq #Mosul op is being live-streamed by Kurdish #Rudaw & u can watch the developments unfold here via.
Mosul: Why battle for Iraq's second city is so important.
Peshmerga head says Mosul battle is fight for.
#world Mosul is more than a potentially climactic military battle: WASHINGTON (AP) — More is riding on ... #news.
The offensive for Mosul has begun. Here is some background:.
Even if Mosul is liberated, it won't be the end of the Islamic State.
Why Mosul is so important.
As the battle for #Mosul begins, staff is prepared to provide relief to families escaping battle..
Battle for Mosul has barely begun but the civilian death toll is already rising #Age #world.
Wonder if this is true and PKK are together with the PMUs anywhere around Mosul theater of operation? Anybody on th….
As fighting intensifies in #Mosul, civilians have the right to flee and seek safety. This is what they'll face when they leave th….
The population of Mosul is ready.
Amid the Mosul offensive, a humanitarian crisis looms.
