we all should aspire to have bob dylan’s level of chill and be able to completely ignore winning the nobel prize —.
Colbert asks: Why was President Obama awarded the Nobel Peace Prize? “I still don’t know,” Obama responded..
Bob Dylan still isn't returning Nobel Prize judges calls.
Bob Dylan isn't returning Nobel Prize judges calls.
Nobel Prize Committee can't find Bob.
The Nobel Prize panel has stopped knock, knock, knocking on Bob Dylan's door..
Imagine if White Helmets had won the Nobel Peace Prize and then this guy had blown up Tegel Airport a few days later http….
Listen to ‘Rolling Stone Music Now’ Podcast: Bob Dylan’s Nobel Prize: The latest episode of….
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature - Bloomberg.
Talks of Giving Eminem nod at Noble Prize for Literature is now getting serious..
Source:.
I guess has no sense of Nobel.
Nobel Academy can't find Bob Dylan to give him his prize.
The Nobel committee can’t reach Bob Dylan, even after awarding him the Nobel Prize:.
2016 Nobel prize winner scientifically proves that fasting is good for health -.
hahahaha. Way to go Bob. Nobel panel gives up knockin’ on Dylan’s door.
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize last week, but he won't call the committee back..
The 2016 Nobel Prize run-down.
Bob Dylan still hasn’t responded to numerous attempts by the Nobel Prize committee to reach him.
Legendary singer-songwriter Bob Dylan wins Nobel Peace Prize in literature. Bet you didn’t see that one coming..
Nobel judges can't get Bob Dylan to call them back #fox-news.
Bob Dylan doesn't seem to care about his Nobel Prize:.
VIA TAXPROF: A Nobel Prize In Tax Law Would Go To ... Michael Graetz Or Louis Kaplow?: Following up on yester....
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2016.
Bob Dylan has won the 2016 Nobel Prize in literature. More Reuters:.
Nobel Prize Winners Endorse Clinton for President -.
How refreshing, so many artists today are like moths to the flame, Dylan can't be arsed to answer their calls..:).
"Bob Dylan To Nobel Prize Committee: Keep Your Sh-tty Award!" -Funny, barbed bit, this one |The Hollywood Gossip|.
"Good things happen to those who take risks. Get out of your comfort zone & try things that make you uncomfortable." http….
Bob Dylan isn't returning Nobel Prize judges calls  #HollywoodSouth #entertainment.
While Prof Yoshinori Ohsumi may have won the Nobel Prize this year, one shouldn't forget the role of yeast and mice. h….
Nobel Prize judges haven't heard from Bob Dylan, though he's scheduled to perform near Dallas this weekend.
LMAO! He won a #Nobel & couldn't care less. Badass! ===> #NobelPrize committee gives up trying to contact #BobDylan.
My respect goes to Bob Dylan..
Six of America’s 2016 Nobel Laureates are #Immigrants.
Bob Dylan remains silent on Nobel Prize win | Fox News.
Bob Dylan has literally been avoiding the Nobel Prize..
Seriously, return the committee's calls:.
Nobel panel gives up knockin’ on Dylan’s door.
bob dylan to.
nobel prize phonies:.
DROP.
Bob Dylan, you have a large monetary reward awaiting you and it is not from a Nigerian prince.....
YES!!!  This is so "Dylan!".
to perform at 2016 Nobel Peace Prize Concert (exclusive).
Rabrindranath Tagore The Youngest Son Of Debendranath Tagore Was Awarded The Nobel Prize In Literature In 1913,....
Nobel panel gives up knockin’ on Dylan’s door | Music | The Guardian.
Bob Dylan doesn't seem to care about his Nobel Prize: via.
so into this tbh.
Bob Dylan does not need a Nobel Prize in Literature, but literature needs a Nobel Prize.This year, it won’t get.
Bob Dylan remains silent on Nobel Prize win via the app.
Always appreciated Dylan's music, but this is a level of cool few reach....
Literature And Music Have Become Interwoven, And Bob Dylan - The Tangled Up In Blue Master - Wins The Nobel Prize....
Taking the prize. First Dylan, now Clinton, by association. 70 #Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary #Clinton.
Obama's amusing description of his interaction with Bob.
Wow. Happy day. Bob Dylan was just awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature!.
Photo February 10, 1965 © Richard.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. ht….
#NowPlaying Idiot Wind by Bob Dylan #nobelprize ♫.
Nobel Prize has stopped knock, knock, knocking on Bob Dylan's door - CNN.
Shocking. The #NobelPrize gender.
CNN.
Nobel Prize has stopped knock, knoc….
Nobel Prize committee can't seem to find Bob Dylan via.
"There's a sort-of deceptive simplicity about" music, told us via Skype about the newest #NobelP….
Inbox: laureates for.
[hums in the key of that's what you get when you let your heart win].
Celebrating 2016 Nobel Prize winner, and Minnesotan, Bob Dylan..
Nobel Prize committee gives up trying to contact Bob Dylan via.
UH, IN ALBUQUERQUE TONIGHT. MAYBE NOBEL COMMITTEE COULD CALL THE ARENA. JUST SAYIN'... #Dylan.
Prizes are so absurd they end up debasing themselves, like currencies..
-Bob Dylan.
-Barak Obama.
-Economists.
Newswire: #BobDylan doesn’t seem to care all that much about winning a #NobelPrize.
Nobel Prize Winners Endorse Clinton for President.
DAFOH nominated for #Nobel Peace Prize 2016 works to end #forced organ harvesting in ….
Space to Dylan...It's A Trap...#NobelPrize #BobDylan.
Congrats to Bob Dylan for his #NobelPrize! We're proud to work with him to champion human rights through music..
With #BobDylan receiving and snubbing the #NobelPrize I thought it was time to re-up this piece I write 5 years ago.
Press release from the Swedish Academy awarded 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature:.
Correction to my earlier tweet. I meant to say: Only 19 women have won the prize between 2001 and 2016..
Congratulations Bob! You made all our lives better. Thank you for the warning about what was to come (Subterranean Home….
Nobel Prize has stopped knock, knock, knocking on Bob Dylan's door.
10 years, 10 prizes: #Japanese scientists scoop Ig #NobelPrize via.
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind.
The answer is blowin' in the wind.
Nobel Prize committee gives up trying to contact Bob Dylan.
pls #FREE #Badawi http:/….
have U+#NobelPeacePrize Laurates done so far to #FREE #Badawi: NOTHING! http://t.co/LIpo0iEErs http:/….
Bob Dylan - Biobibliographical notes in French: German: Spanish:.
"Start with 'Blonde on Blonde' the album from 1966." says Permanent Secretary Sara Danius #NobelPri….
HRC nobelpr….
70 Nobel Prize Winners Endorse Hillary Clinton -.
Photo collection "Bob Dylan Hanging With Joan Baez, Allen Ginsberg and More": #NobelP….
El #Floridita it became world-famous thanks to the #NobelPrize winning writer Ernest Hemingway and equally well known #da….
#ICYMI.
Replica of Bob Dylan’s Nobel prize medal found in Pritam’s living room showcase via.
In light of his #NobelPrize,  2 profs discuss their class, "#BobDylan: Music and Words” in.
#BobDylan, singing for Cessation of War and Peace received  #NobelPrize The answer is Blowin' in the Wind, #HWPL has.
Everything I know I learned from Bob Dylan | Elizabeth Wurtzel.
A Suggestion for Past Recipients of Nobel Prize for Literature.
"How to make electric pretzels."  The 2016 #NobelPrize in #physics, explained in 500 words.
A Nobel Prize In Tax Law Would Go To ... Michael Graetz?.
Bob Dylan may refuse the #NobelPrize but this Soviet dissident had no choice but to refuse the honor. #DoctorZhivago.
OTD in 1962,  PhDs Watson, Crick & Wilkins won the #NobelPrize for 1953 discovery of the structure of #DNA. #History #Ancestr….
Marie Curie (née Sklodowska) is the only individual who has been awarded the #NobelPrize in both Physics (1903)....
Julian Assange must be nominated I can't imagine anyone more worthy.
