is so full of shit! never left his dais! She waddled over to him! More lies!….
#CrookedHillary--Lawless, "Too Big To Jail":.
this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote: #Debate.
It's time to take them down..
Having already been sexually abused once, #Trump vows to #Victimize women all over again.
NYC audit finds no evidence Trump donated to 9/11 charities in year after attack, despite promising to donate $10K..
EXCLUSIVE: Trump may have repeatedly lied about donating to 9/11 charities, investigation reveals.
Trump behaves like a predator priest: shocking behavior kept silent by victim shame, claims to "love" his prey.
NYC audit finds no evidence Trump gave 9/11 donations post attack, despite pledge to do so..
Trump camp puts forward witness to refute sex assault claim.
Trump camp puts forward witness to refute sex assault claim via.
Trump is courting hate groups by bringing their policies to the national stage (And I just donated to.
Former Miss Washington on Trump: ‘He continually grabbed my ass and invited me to his hotel room’ ht….
Liberty U Students Break With Falwell Jr: ‘We Want Nothing To Do With’ Trump via.
Republican Ex-Justice Department Officials Alarmed by Trump’s Threat to Jail Clinto.
BREAKING: Hillary will have to answer to a Federal judge regarding her private email server under threat of perjury ht….
GENNIFER FLOWERS: Bill Paid $200 For Me to Abort His Baby....
Thousands & thousands & thousands for Trump. Hillary? She's fundraising to pay for more to slander.. its expensive. #Tru….
Well, at least it begins to explain Franklin Graham's exceptional devotion to Trump....
Trump Camp Puts Out Witness To Debunk Jessica Leeds Groping Claim - He Has History of Taking Cash from Tabloids.
CNN Tapper Not Happy Carson Doesn't Want To Talk Trump Allegations: "It Must Bother You" via.
Ground Zero's congressman blasts Trump for mooching and telling lies about pledging money to 9/11 charities.
McCain to Staff: Prepare for Trump Denouncement Backlash –.
Trump in 1998, on what he'd be like as a candidate: "Can you imagine how controversial I'd be?".
LIVE on #Periscope: EXCLUSIVE: Trump Internal Polling Released by Gen Flynn to Citizens For Trump: "We Will Win".
BREAKING: Trump Accuser Lawyer Democrat Fundraiser In Emails, Tried To Kill Romney Campaign.
