A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Concerned about the state of the American #economy and its future? Then you may want to read this.
Wole Soyinka a Nobel laureate in literature wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Wonder where she will display the Nobel prize for "literature" that she will probably be awarded next year?.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel #Language.
Beautiful picture of Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin's Nobel prize for Chemistry. Awarded in 1964.
"Bob Dylan 100 percent is not going to win. Stop saying Bob Dylan should win the Nobel Prize." (via.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a.. Related Articles:.
Today's #history: Obama elected as America’s first black president; T.S. Eliot wins Nobel Prize in literature ^aj.
Nobel Prizes in Chemistry 2016.
"Bob Dylan 100 percent is not going to win. Stop saying Bob Dylan should win the Nobel Prize." (via….
On #ThisDayInHistory in 1948, T.S. Eliot wins Nobel Prize in literature. Read More via.
#TodayInHistory: 1948, American-born British poet T. S. Eliot wins Nobel Prize for literature.
Literary footnote: Won this day 1948 Nobel Prize in literature by T S Eliot What would he think of #BobDylan ?.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
Errant Checks, Spurned ABBA: Secrets of the Nobel in Literature, Bob Dylan.
Thoughts from the 2016 Nobel Laureate (Literature) on Change, Politics & Renewal (age #Election2016.
Very nice talk from the 2011 Nobel Laureate in Physics Adam Riess at ESAC. The importance of GAIA in Cosmology 😁.
Former PM, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and architect of Israel’s blitz victory in the Six Day War, Yitzhak Rabin’s....
Hope for this world & many minorities in #Iran through Ayatollah Masoumi-Tehrani. A Nobel Peace Prize winner?….
Well deserved! RT: Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature via #writing #music.
Wow! So honored that my chapbook of poems was featured in this list of "pop poetics" for.
Muhammad Yunus, Nobel Peace laureate: 'Redesign Economics, Redesign the World', Live 7 Nov 9.45am CET #CFAEIC.
it would be an amazing & appropriate final act of Obama's presidency if he gave his Nobel Peace Prize back.
1/2 21 years ago #YitzhakRabin z"l, Israel's former PM, Chief of Staff & Nobel Peace Prize recipient was assassinated in….
Congrats to #MalalaYousafzai, the youngest-ever winner of the #NobelPeacePrize. So inspiring http://t.co/wmJCvsllnh htt….
Nobel Prize laureate to 'cut' green card if Donald Trump wins.
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote for Trump".
Hope for this world & many minorities in #Iran through Ayatollah Masoumi-Tehrani. A Nobel Peace Prize winner?.
Did Ernest Hemingway win a Nobel Prize for Literature? Yes. Did he also love cats? Yes! 💛 🐱⠀.
Never forget Nobel Peace Prize winner Deacon Gucci Mane with words of wisdom.
Such an honor for our school to host 2011 Nobel Peace Prize winner Leymah Gbowee and hear her speak!.
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote for.
Bobby Dylan took down a Nobel Peace prize why can't I? ;-).
T.S. Eliot wins a Nobel Literature Prize "Let us go then, you and I".
-The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock  -....
do you want a nobel peace prize i'm unclear on your need to comment.
Nobel Laureate in Physics; "Global Warming is Pseudoscience" via.
I'll say it for the 100th Time, Thank God for Julian.
TS Eliot wins the #NobelPrize.
in Literature.
#OnThisDay in 1948..
Obama was honered with the Nobelprize for peace!! USA is a banana republic, not to be trusted..
AMusEd : How to Earn a Nobel Peace Prize (Getting a Middle School Band to Play in Tune).
Bob Dylan finally addresses that Nobel Prize thing.
DYK that Einstein was awarded the in 1921 for his studies on the photoelectric effect, not general relativi….
In honor of Joseph Rotblat's birthday (4 Nov 1908), a quote from his Nobel address: "The quest for a war-free....
A #Nobel Laureate in #Literature Who Wants a #Grammy If #BobDylan Can Get a Nobel.
A Look at the Style of Bob Dylan.
Nobel Prize categories are a century behind the curve, excluding many vital disciplines..
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a.
Why did Bob Dylan receive a Nobel Prize in literature when his persona is clearly plagiarized? #amwriting.
T.S. Eliot won the in literature #OTD in 1948. We funded a study on his use of language:.
Amartya Sen, today 83! Awarded the 1998 Prize in Economic Sciences "for his contributions to welfare economics".
I still don't understand why he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize...SMH. Plus he promised to he….
T. S. #Eliot won The Nobel Prize in #Literature 68 years ago. May his poetry assure you that he deserves this award….
Did you know that #Lund is the home of the #NobelPrize? Study in this prestigious academic environment with ONCAMPUS ht….
This guy may be a hot Peace Nobel Prize contender, 10-20 years down the road..
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature, Everyone is Surprised.
#OnThisDay in 1948, T. S. Eliot won a #NobelPrize for Literature.
Bob Dylan removes mention of Nobel prize from website Good old #BobDylan mercurial unpredictable as always. #Nobel.
Anike Bowaire, a young physicist genius from Serui #WestPapua won the First Step to Nobel Prize in Physics in 2005..
Why did Bob Dylan receive a Nobel Prize in literature when his persona is clearly plagiarized?.
Fasting helps remove "cellular rubbish". Nobel Prize winner's discoveries explain why fasting is good for....
You've been quoted in my #Storify story "#DiversityJC recap: Nobel (biased) Prize winners".
bit of nobel prize winning bob tonight.
#WoleSoyinka, a Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't... by #pinkponypatriot via.
People who are Nobel prize smarty pants are asking us, the American voter, to not elect Trump.
The TOP 10 most popular Literature Laureates right now (most visits at the web site #NobelPrize ht….
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote... by #AuntyMoney via.
At the 2016 World Life Science Conference of  w David Baltimore, 1975 Nobel Prize Medicine, CalTech Preside….
It was on this day 1948 that "the Pretender" TS (tough s..t) Eliot, on my right, mistakenly received the Nobel Priz….
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote... by #AuntyMo….
#MonsantObama Nobel Peace (Of Shit) Prize winner WAR CRIMINAL loses it while campaigning for #Hitlery....
#FreeAssange & Give him a Nobel Peace Price for Fighting For #Democracy and #Transparent Gove….
Capitalism and Freedom, the Nobel Prize-winner Milton Friedman was a truly eye opening read when I was younger..
nobelprize has a Disability Discrimination. True winner of Nobel Prize in Physics is me. #reuters #discrimination.
Read blog by Director Thomas Skordas on former #FET_eu researcher winning 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry….
W/ Ph.D. adviser Bob Laughlin (Nobel Prize in Physics) 1st time 2 physicists were in fashion section of newspaper 😎.
The economy isn't everything, but it's important. And a whole bunch of really smart economists are in agreement..
