Check out the joint virtual issue for the recent Chemistry Nobel #nobel #chemistry ….
Nobel Prize for Literature awarded to US folk singer Bob Dylan.
Nobel Prize for Literature winner Bob Dylan is too cool to respond the committee.
NOBEL PRIZE 2016: via.
Damn. Last week they would have given him the Nobel Peace Prize. 😕.
Did Bob Dylan really deserve the Nobel Prize for Literature? Read on and decide yourself.
History will remember Obama as the Nobel Peace Prize who bombed 7 countries. Or not..
I added a video to a playlist NOBEL PRIZE 2016.
The glorious (Nobel Peace Prize-nominated) White Helmets... Lol..
truly inspiring. give this woman a Nobel Peace Prize.
Donald Trump has been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.
oops just lost the nobel prize for self-awareness #obama #Trump #tcot.
cc: Nobel Peace Prize Committee, 2009; liberal pundits writing paeans to Obama's legacy; the United Kingdom.
I deserve the Nobel Peace Prize.
BBC News - Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize.
Hitler discovers Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize for Literature.
To the Nobel Peace Prize jury recommended uphold rights pioneer Gu Xiaojun To ....
Wiley: Wiley Celebrates the 2016 Nobel Prize Laureates via.
The world community is calling  for Obama to return the Nobel peace prize..
5/20/16 Revoke Obama’s Nobel  Peace Prize.
They basically gave Obama the Nobel Peace Prize for basically not being Bush.
Which President was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize?.
Give it back Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize #Warmonger.
I nominate him for the Nobel Peace Prize, if Hillary is prevented….
covering the prestigious Laureates & Leaders for Children Summit 2016 addressed by Nobel Peace Prize winne….
Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize - BBC News.
Keep Your Word. Mr. Nobel Prize..
My piece on Colombian Referendum and the Nobel Peace Prize  "Saving Juan Manuel Santos".
#nobelliteratureprize #TripFiction French chanteurs for the Nobel Prize?.
But Obama got the Nobel Peace prize?.
Nobel Prize for trolling.
"I'll be at the #Nobel #Prize #ceremony, if I can".
The 2016 Nobel Prize for "Walkin'-It-Back" goes to Fox News' Bret Baier for lyin' about the #HillaryIndictment.
Give this man the Nobel Peace Prize.
After Bob Dylan (congratulations anyway) I'm waiting for the next Nobel prize to JEEG ROBOT 😢.
Bob Dylan: 'The Nobel Prize Left Me Speechless' - Rolling Stone.
Barack Obama: The Nobel Peace Prize Winner Who’s Bombed 7 Countries -.
Give her the Nobel Prize..
A JINGLE-JANGLE MORNING. . .Bob Dylan is awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature. For photo location and more see:.
Yoshinori Ohsumi Won The Physiology and Medicine Nobel Prize -.
Nobel prize has a Disability Discrimination. True winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics is me. #reuters #nobel.
