#TheCoeReport: Dozens of Afghan civilians rounded up and shot in ‘Isis attack’.
W/help of a traitor, ISIS plots to attack the American heartland w/a weapon of mass destruction.
Opinion:  Why the attack on #Mosul will fail and what can be done about.
Another Iranian killed in ISIS attack on Kirkuk last week was a member of IRGC: Mosayeb Ghanbari from Iranian Kurdistan.
Disgusting: ISIS Has Announced That It Finds The St. Louis Arch Unimpressive And Has No Wish To Attack It.
ISIS is likely preparing a chemical attack in Mosul | New York Post #SmartNews.
After this #Yezidi family escaped the ISIS attack on Sinjar they found refuge in an oil refinery. Follow this story:.
Outmanned ISIS deploying suicide bombers as forces close in on Mosul: ISIS is still in control of Ir....
Offensive has killed hundreds of ISIS fighters, battle hasn’t reached Mosul & the enemy is using dangerous tactics.
From empty ammo boxes to lists of rules and regulations - the underground world of IS militants near Mosul,.
The emotional moment a girl is saved from the clutches of ISIS fighters in Iraq.
U.S. Doesn’t Know Who Will Attack ISIS HQ via More likely the "U.S. Defense Official" is playin' ya?.
#YPG militias attacking #FSA rebels, who fighting against #ISIS, every day. #YPG is not "the #Syria|n Kurds"..
Filmmaker Human Husari recreates Syrian civil war attacks that he awoke to, to help wake the 🌎 of the needed change.
“For us, as Syrians, let me be frank: ISIS is the lesser evil.”.
In new an-Naba' issue released today, #ISIS reconfirms they downed American A10 jet on the 20th of this month in southern Hasa….
Turkey and ISIS both attack Christian Graves. ISIS isn't a member of NATO or UN,but Turkey is http….
Outmanned ISIS deploying suicide bombers as forces close in on Mosul: ISIS is still in control of Iraq's seco....
#ISIS' 'Amaq News Agency released a video of one of the fighters involved in the attack in #NizhnyNovgorod #Russia http….
Wanna bet Mosul will be "liberated" just in time for US election? Isis will obligingly run away. This is han-class pol….
Stop the m….
Yup, HRC wants a 550% in "Syrian" refugees that she admits can't be vetted, which will bring an Army of ISIS terrorist….
you are truly the ISIS of Journalism. #CNNsucks.
PARTY IN THE USA: Scathing Ad Depicts ISIS And Putin Celebrating After Trump Wins The Election [VIDEO].
Al Jazeera's list of juiciest WikiLeaks forgets to mention the revelation that Qatar funds both ISIS & Bill Clinton:.
ahh. you may want to keep that on the hush and hush seeing how he was FIRED for making #ISIS get larger and larger….
Nikki Bella is out here fighting ISIS, when will your fave???.
re-erected the cross on the dome of a church by Peshmerga forces. Nineveh….
Minnesota is a ISIS recruitment State. The greatest loss was who was warning you inside Congress..
Children in #Mosul smile and laugh again after two years of ISIS occupation. Iraqi soldiers who liberated them are nothing l….
A message to all Arabs,Turks & Pakistanis who join the #ISIS ,your flag lies underneath our shoes where it belongs. http:….
Alvin and the chipmunks are ISIS.
Heartfelt condolences to the family of  Navy Chief Petty Officer #JasonFinan who was killed Thursday fighting ISIS in Mos….
Here's how one organization is working to help Yazidis who escaped ISIS.
