More useful insight into the rise of #Trump: #debate.
Via the magic of #debate.
29 Most WTF Moments Of The Election: Trump's Tiny Hands #Election2016.
From The Telegraph: Trump Tsunami with 165 Fixed and 155 to be Received.
The only wall we're building is a wall of voters between Donald Trump and the White House. #FreedomTuesday #November8 #Vot….
The 155 Craziest Things Trump Said This Election #TrumpTrain #ImWithHer.
Three days before the big day, our daily tracking poll is showing Donald Trump in the lead.
We are at a fork in the road of our History. If we take the wrong one this election, we have decades of life like we have not e….
No fan of Donald, but I am sure there are a lot of false charges being leveled at him by you-know-who. And he is....
Trump supporters must get the vote out! This may be the most important election facing us for decades to come.….
The next president will be either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. The choice is not hard.
Ann Coulter Gives Her Final Argument for Donald Trump and It May Be the Best One! | TellMeNow.
Trump: "My admin. will immediately pursue the following 6 measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion i….
Campaigning for Hillary: I can't believe what Trump says about women, the disrespect & objectification. J-Lo: Here's my a….
Thank Trump for the one good thing he did. He exposed Evangelicals, who are his supporters as the shameless hippocrates they….
Yes, but if Trump wins we will get a lot of traitors and warmongers moving out of the USA..
Chilling: Trump in 1993 previewing the full-blown racism that will later become the hallmark of his presidential campaign….
BREAKING: Latest Polls Indicate The END Of Hillary’s Run…Trump RUNNING AWAY With Crucial BLUE States!.
My article for tomorrow's Mail on Sunday about why my friend Donald Trump is not the new Hitler & may be President..
Maybe The FBI's Love For Trump Has Something To Do With How Extremely White And Male It Is.
THERE ARE 3 VIDEOS THAT ARE MUST WATCH FOR PEOPLE ON THE FENCE. THIS 3 OF 3 TRUMP'S GERMAN BLOOD IS  SUPERIOR TO OURS! h….
The National Enquirer brainwashes its readers into supporting Donald Trump..
Members of the tolerant left are physically attacking Trump supporters yet again..
'The truth is that, we celebrities know that he's an actor and that this is an act.' - Lady Gaga on Donald Trump.
📰 Trump: We Don't Need Jay Z To Fill Up Arenas, We Do It The Old Fashioned Way #DrainTheSwamp….
