Congrats to Minnesota native, Bob Dylan for winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature. #minnesotaproud.
Bob Dylan didn't acknowledge his Nobel Prize at the Desert Trip music festival Friday night–at least not explicitly.
Congratulations to Bob Dylan, the 2016 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature: htt….
Leonard Cohen On Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize: "It's like pinning a medal on Mount Everest for being the highest....
I dig his storytelling skills, but was not convinced that Bob Dylan deserved to win the Nobel Prize...until I....
In honouring Bob Dylan, the Nobel Prize judges have made a category error.
Leonard Cohen talks about Bob Dylan's  Nobel Prize in Literature: via.
Bob Dylan, Titan Of American Music, Wins 2016 Nobel Prize In Literature via.
On Bob Dylan winning the Nobel Prize... #NobelPrize #BobDylan #BobDylanNobel.
"Another Side of Big Data”.  “Another Side of Bob Dylan”. Congratulations to Bob Dylan on the 2016 Nobel Prize.
The internet wasn't too happy that Bob Dylan won the Nobel prize:.
Fascinating, infuriating, enduring: Bob Dylan deserves his Nobel prize: Many have questioned the accolade, bu....
Bob Dylan wins the the Nobel Literary Prize, Here’s his most anti-crony song - via.
The Nobel Prize winner for Literature is…..
Bob Dylan has won the 2016 Nobel Prize in literature. Here's everything you need to know about the music legend:.
Yes, Bob Dylan deserved the Nobel Prize.
Nobel Prize For Travesty: Bob Dylan was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature. This is a tr... via.
Nobel Prize in Literature for Bob Dylan gets no argument from Harvard scholars.
"I nominated Bob Dylan for the Nobel Prize. You’re welcome." via.
On Bob Dylan & the Nobel Prize: "Homer didn’t recite the Odyssey. He sang it. In effect, literature has come home".
Bob Dylan, who today won the Nobel Prize for literature, is also the most-quoted songwriter in judicial opinions..
After more than half a century writing and performing music, Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize in literature 2016 – live.
