Kinda apt at the moment! Sex Pistols - God Save The Queen #brexit #brexitshambles #morons.
Long-term impacts of the Brexit on commercial real estate may just be beginning..
An embarrassment of embarrassments at the moment: "U.K. Tory Lawmaker Phillips Quits Over May’s #Brexit Handling".
Left unchecked UK Gov will cause #brexitshambles Some of the most senior judges in Britain can stop Brexit today.
Divisive Tory Brexit ref has ripped the Uk apart much more than Scottish Indy ever would have.
no I'm saying xenophobia was what tipped the balance for Brexit win and England voted Out,Scotlabd in,R….
no I'm saying xenophobia was what tipped the balance for Brexit win and England voted Out,Scotlabd in,Respect Scot….
Pound breaks $1.23 ahead of Brexit High Court verdict and Bank of England's 'Super Thursday'.
Quite extraordinary U-turn by the Bank of England - Brexit no longer an economic disaster -.
Will (Hard) Brexit Be Defeated by the Spirit of Magna Carta? via.
Me when I see so many of the pro #brexit tweets that don't understand how our parliamentary democracy works….
PIIE: cullenhendrix: Will (Hard) Brexit Be Defeated by the Spirit of Magna Carta? via PIIE.
Will (Hard) Brexit Be Defeated by the Spirit of Magna Carta? via (via.
Retweeted Wolfgang Munchau extraordinary U-turn by the Bank of England - Brexit no longer....
'Suspicious of the word audit used in that context' #coward #liar #brexit.
Chris called James O'Brien, furious at the judges ruling on Brexit. Could James win him over? Watch:.
Brexit Patriotic Populism Pepper Sprayed in eyes of the masses through Daily News as blinded people rage.
“A revolt of the regions”: Could Gordon Brown’s federal UK plan become Labour Brexit policy?.
Never forget. This man created the #Brexit chaos because of an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted all of his mates….
Anyone else think Boris was one of those Googling 'What is the EU?' #Brexit #BorisJohnso.
I agree CHILLS!!!  Tuesday will be just like the UK's #brexit  #Trump2016.
Not because of #Brexit case but attacks on independent judiciary & rule of law h….
With the UK's High Court ruling, the murky politics of Brexit just got a lot murkier.
Akin Gump tethers associate pay amid Brexit uncertainty | The Global Legal Post.
It's distressing the number of #Remain campaigner women I know who've been threatened with rape. #brexit.
Brexit fallout was nowhere near as bad as the hysteria peddled by the media..
you'll get your brexit...... if you can trigger article 50.... in THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.
What the #Brexit lawsuit ruling means for U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May.
All of the pundits, pollsters, and prognosticators said #Brexit would never happen. It did..
Daily Mail accused of attack on the rule of law over 'abusive' Brexit headline.
Enemies of the People #DailyMail #Brexit #Murdoch #Farage #Hopkins #Ukip.
US election looks like a #Brexit moment! True cost of a Trump.
What I read this week: Why US election looks like a Brexit moment, what’s the true cost of a Trump presidency -.
Why US election looks like a Brexit moment and what’s the true cost of a Trump win #india #indiabiz.
What I read this week: Why US election looks like a Brexit moment, what’s the true cost of a Trump presid...
Why #USElections2016 looks like a #Brexit moment, what’s the true cost of a Trump win.
US election looks like a Brexit moment! True cost of Trump presidency #economy.
US election looks like a Brexit moment! True cost of Trump presidency...
