TO TAKE OUR FREEDOM.
Michelle Obama’s raw response to Donald Trump and misogyny in this election: “it has shaken me to my core.".
"Republicans owe it to America to stop Donald Trump.".
Hindus pray to Gods to help Trump win election..
Liberal networks are holding casting calls for anyone willing to falsely accuse Trump of sexual assault. Sad. |.
NBC Law & Order SVU to do episode of Trump role in bad light. Let's boycott & show our disdained for Hollywood elec….
It only took 6 or 7 women to come forward for to distance himself from Standards..
📷 dammitsebastian: thattallnerdybean: politicalmachine: donald trump and his camp do not want you to....
Donald Trump Declared an “Unprecedented Threat” To Free Press -.
This election will have record turnout, because voters see through Trump’s shameful attempts to undermine it just weeks….
Federal offense. "Trump supporters are already promising to intimidate nonwhite voters on Election Day" #SmartNews.
DONALD TRUMP Challenges #SickHillary to Drug Test Before Debate!.
White House to Trump: Don't Talk About Michelle Obama #Newsmax via.
5) Media will do ANYTHING, say ANYTHING to stop Trump; By contrast, they were fighting like banshees to save Clinton..
#Trump: It's A Conspiracy! They're all out to get me!.
Trump says accusations of groping are due to a conspiracy: "It’s one big, ugly lie. It’s one big fix.”.
Kellyanne Conway begins trying to distance herself from radioactive Donald Trump via.
It’s time to acknowledge reality: Donald Trump talks like an anti-Semite.
It's wild watching people try to defend Trump by invoking hip-hop. These are epic reaches..
Trump camp puts forward witness to refute sex assault claim via.
America needs Trump to restore order..
WATCH – Trump Fans Release EPIC New Video to Make Trump President, It’s Going VIRAL!.
continuing to earn his Trump nickname "Little Marco".
Trump camp puts forward witness to refute sex assault claim  THESE FALSE CLAIMS ARE BACKFIRING ON HIL….
Trump's fans, answering his call, plan to single out racial minorities at polls & "make them a little bit nervous.".
Remember like, a week ago, when Trump held a press event about how important it is to believe accusers when they come forward?….
24 #Days to #Trump:.
Taking Trump voters’ concerns seriously means listening to what they’re actually saying - Vox.
Michelle Obama Very Upset With Trump’s Words But OK With Obama Flashing a Boner to Reporters? -.
I just uploaded Letter from Trump Ohio to Corrupt GOPe Ohio  to #ReadMore.
Like it or not we cannot help everybody & #Trump is going to get this situation under control..
