We speak to the man who started #MuslimsReportStuff on using humor to combat Islamophobia #Debate.
What the #Refugees have done to paris streets #refugeeswelcome #refugeecrisis #refugees #debate2016 #debate.
I am frequently asked how Ron Swanson would weigh in on this election. I was able to contact a source close to Ron and h….
This election cycle has me so stressed I had to buy these.
Former Miss Teen USA Responds To Allegations Against Trump, 'Absolutely Not' | The Sean Hannity Show.
Thanks to Donald trump. Republicans stood by while he destroyed his fellow republicans during the primaries. GOP ow….
A plea to stop, er, whitewashing the nature of Trump support: it's not the economy, stupid.
Even the Deplorables are bailing on Donald Trump: as he melts down, his crowd sizes are shrinking.
Miss Teen USA 2010 took to Twitter to spill the tea on.
NEW: Trump wouldn't stop calling Lil Jon "Uncle Tom" during The Apprentice—even as producers begged him to stop:.
On Election Day, let's show what it means to be stronger together:.
CROOKED: work in Colombia did more to promote a WEALTHY DONOR'S interests than help the country’s.
So the lady who claimed Trump grabbed her on a plane was involved in a 2 year property law suit with him?.
Has anyone else realize how much the Democrats are desperate for any lie to stick? #imwithher #PresidentialElection….
👊 #TRUMP JUST UNLEASHED SOME WHOOP A$$  ON THE #CLINTONS 👊 LISTEN TO THIS! 👇.
Newt Gingrich: "Trump's got to stay big. He's got to go right at as the most corrupt candidate in histo….
Why does the corporate media prop up Hillary and smear her opponents? Because they're huge donors to her foundation..
Last night, #Pence made it clear he doesn't trust us--women--to make our own choices. We choose not to vote for him or #Tru….
with thoughts on what it should mean to be a man.  An important conversation, regardless of politics.
didn't you hear what Trump said ... he admitted he violates women all the time ... are all abused women "….
These people are absolutely nuts! Do they really think they can throw the election to the House? If Trump loses; Cl….
I'm just as sick as the #MSM calling #Trump a rapist. You should be used to this, I'm using their tactic..
