Donald Trump on IS: How important is surprise in Mosul? - ALL MILITARYS PUT OUT NEGATIVE INTEL TO TEST OTHERS!.
The #KRG is building refugee camps for the #Mosul operation set to accommodate around 10,000 families..
Erdogan try hardly now to help  Isis coz Iraqi army preparing to attach Mosul city.
The world needs to wake up. #Turkey's Ottofascist awakening is a serious threat. "Retaking" Aleppo and Mosul is just the….
Serious additional funding is urgently needed to allow & partners to prepare for massive expected displacements from #Mos….
Man w/ties to ISIS paid $300k to attack Trump to make him out to be a racist! WAKE THE F UP AMERICA! She is dirtier….
According to Erdogan the #Assyrians indigenous to Mosul are not worthy to remain after it is liberated #NoToErdogan ht….
IS has had two years to layer its defenses, yet the impending collapse of Mosul will put a stake through its failin….
Man with direct ties to ISIS a Gold Star Father paid 375,000 from Clinton Foundation to attack Trump.Parents of Benghazi Hero….
Man with direct ties to ISIS a Gold Star Father paid 375,000 from Clinton Foundation to attack Trump….
IS has had two years to layer its defenses, yet the impending collapse of Mosul will put a stake through its failing caliph….
U.S. general: Iraqi military is ready to take Mosul: The U.S. Army's 101st Airborne Division is prepari... (CBS).
U.S. general: Iraqi military is ready to take Mosul.
U.S. general: #Iraqi military is ready to take #Mosul 💂🏼.
Preparations underway to retake Mosul from ISIS: Final planning is underway for the battle to retake Mo... (CBS).
#IntellectualTrump Saudi's are funding ISIS and that is why USA has been slow to attack them. Token effort so as no….
Man w/ties to ISIS paid $300k to attack Trump to make him out to be a racist! WAKE THE F UP AMERICA! She is dirtier than a….
US general: Iraqi military is ready to take Mosul.
Wikileaks: Hillary Clinton's preferred policy is to "kill a lot of Syrians" to hand the country over to al-Qaeda & ISIS terro….
"..it is a must for Turkey to fight threats from all the PKK formations under different names in Iraq and Syria.".
Is America About to Go to War in Syria? - The National Interest Online (blog) :.
It is hard to me to see the world celebrating for the girls and my girls I Libya and Syria are not b/c the war🙏🏻.
UK is committed to supporting ISIS and al Nusra - in upcoming months UK will fund al Nusra to tune of millions to support….
#MostRead Female ISIS fanatic wanted to runaway to Syria to become suicide bomber..
Want to know how to defeat ISIS messaging? Deploy the sea lions..
New brief: The US is too narrowly focused on defeating ISIS in Iraq. Here's how to correct course.
According to a leaked Hillary's email, Saudi Arabia was directly funding ISIS. They also gave $25 million to the Clintons..
Warfare is on a whole other level these days. Have to take ISIS out before they adapt..
to Saudi gov is supplies weapons to #ISIS.
According to a leaked Hillary Clinton email, Saudi Arabia was directly funding ISIS. They also gave $25 million to the….
Obama Spares ISIS Oil Facilities to Save the Environment! - American Thinker  -.
WikiLeaks vs. Clinton via the App Clinton agenda to help ISIS revealed. She's done. #HillaryHatesAmerica  htt….
