Nobel laureate: Trump presidency 'disastrous' for the economy.
In 2015, Tomas Lindahl, Paul Modrich, and Aziz Sancar were awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry….
you might not like Clinton, but Trump will crash our economy + kill jobs + bankrupt our 401ks.
trump supporters apparently know more about the economy than 370 economists do.
Keynote Lecture | Thirty Years After the Nobel: James Buchanan&#039;s Virginia Political Economy.
Find out more abt former Birmingham academics Nobel prize for Physics 2016. Re-tweet if you understand it!.
Nobel prize winner in economy, Joseph Stieglitz: "The problem with Europe is the euro".
Welcome to by Physics Division Director Natalie Roe to ....11 Nobel Prizes...impressive.
Nobel laureate: Trump presidency 'disastrous' for the economy...
Name the British Scientists who got the Nobel Prizes in Physics for 2016?.
1. David Thouless..
2. Duncan Haldane..
3. Michael K….
2016 Nobel in Physics Shows Again: The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences.
Care about the economy? Here's what economists have to say.
#TrumpRapeTrial plus EIGHT Nobel Prize winning Economists "vote" against to lead #USA and its econ….
Chemistry Nobel Prize Awarded For World’s Smallest Machines.
save our economy from Donald Trump!!!.
#Enonomy #DumpTrump #NeverTrump #VoteHillary #DeplorableTrump.
Yes why not, next Nobel prize in physics goes to a ballerina.
Douglas Prasher, discoverer of GFP, snubbed for Nobel in Chemistry, now bus driver in Huntsville, AL #NobelPrize.
In 1979, Abdus Salam became the first Pakistani and first Muslim to receive a Nobel Prize in Science (Physics)..
Now tracking: Study challenges past #physics Nobel Prize results.
Albert Einstein and Niels Bohr discussing atomic physics in 1920, shortly before each received the Nobel Prize  (Niels Bohr I….
Dorothy Hodgkin - The Queen of Crystallography #science #chemistry.
New video added: Nobel Laureate: Donald Trump Presidency 'Disastrous' For Economy | CNBC - #XaniaTube.
Nobel Laureate: Donald Trump Presidency 'Disastrous' For Economy | CNBC.
U.S. Nobel prize winners in economics endorse Hillary, warn Trump's ignorant policies imperil world.
The Nobel Prize for Chemistry Went to the World's Smallest Machines.
#NoelGallagher: "If The Masterplan had come out instead of Be Here Now we may have won the Nobel Peace Prize" #Oasis ht….
cc: Nobel Peace Prize Committee, 2009; liberal pundits writing paeans to Obama's legacy; the United Kingdom.
"UN officials told us Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction &Iraq was't a military threat to anyone outside.
White Helmets Campaign for War NOT Peace - RLA & Nobel Peace Prize Nomination should be Retracted via.
Wole Soyinka the Literature Peace Nobel Laureate promised to tear up his Green card should Donald Trump win.
Nobel Committee Asks Obama “Nicely” To Return Peace Prize.
To me, the retake of Mosul is the highlight of the President's foreign policy achievements & he deserves a….
"Trump Is Dangerous to Economy" Oliver Hart - 2016 Nobel Economics Prize Winner.
Take back Aung San Suu Kyi's Nobel Peace Prize! - Sign the Petition! via.
My barber deserves a nobel peace prize 🔥👏🏾 #newhairline #nofilter.
Congrats to #MalalaYousafzai, the youngest-ever winner of the #NobelPeacePrize. So inspiring http://t.co/wmJCvsllnh htt….
Man deserves the Nobel Peace Prize.
PEACE.
Nobel Peace Prize winner: Israel "a crucial ally" on "frontline of the West’s confrontation with Islamist terrorism" ht….
Never forget Nobel Peace Prize winner Deacon Gucci Mane with words of wisdom.
Encore!All under 🐷👹Muslim Kenyan BHusseinO's watch! Shd return the Premature Nobel Peace ....
Dr.Homi Bhabha with JRD Tata..
He was nominated five times for the Nobel Prize in Physics..
"UN officials told us Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction &Iraq was't a military threat to anyone outside Iraq.".
http….
#womenoftheworld starting tomorrow - get your tickets today!.
Thanks to the 52%, I suggest a Nobel for the Economy #brexit #sterling BBC News - Apple raises computer prices in UK.
Catch up on all the Twitter activity from our event with 2016 Nobel Peace Prize Winner Colombian President Santos:.
They gave him the Nobel Peace Prize.
#OpISIS.
Harvard and MIT professors win Nobel prize in economics.
Testimony to the US Tribunal on Iraq by Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Maguire.
wins the Nobel Peace Prize....
#TheoEpstein should run for president in 2020. Or at least win the Nobel Peace Prize. cc:.
Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Maguire brings a message from Syrian children #stopbombingsyria.
how humanitarian, completely worthy of a peace nobel prize winner.
Best Con ever The Obama Con,when he conned entire world out of Nobel Peace Prize & as POTUS not 1 day of peace #MAGA.
Prominent #Economists, Including 8 #Nobel Laureates: Do Not Vote for #Election2016 #economy.
Congrats Bob Dylan #NobelPrize.
You say you never compromise.
With the mystery tramp,     but now you realize.
He's not s….
Book review: Banking to the poor; micro-lending and the battle against world poverty-….
How does the Nobel Peace Prize work? - Adeline Cuvelier and Toril Rokseth.
Give Comey the Nobel Peace Prize.
winner #Alexievich, writers, journalists invite everyone to sign letter in defense of.
A fascinating (and unknown) tale on Richard #Feynman and computing. winner versus startup loonies..
Missed the discussion on the significance of James Buchanan's #nobelprize and work? Listen to the conversation here:.
👈 The messiah. Progressive God of diversity, tolerance, peace and kumbaya 🙏 #Nobel #ClintonEmails #pseudonym #FBI….
Presented with Nobel Peace Prize for single handedly wiping out Zika..
This guys deserves a Nobel Peace Prize.
#TBT to Nobel Laureate George Wald's 1938 paper "On Rhodopsin in Solution" #NobelPrize.
Amartya Sen, today 83! Awarded the 1998 Prize in Economic Sciences "for his contributions to welfare economics".
Thank you for my delivery: inspired by projected planes, a bat mitzvah & the 2016 Nobel prize for physics htt….
Via A Doctor Who Treats Rape Survivors Seen As Nobel Peace Prize Contender.
Nobel nations via.
Nobel Peace Price, huh?? 8 years of DEATH! Syria war: 'More than 180 civilians killed' in two days.
'Carlos Danger' may have saved the world from nuclear war!.
The little girl who turned him over to the cops deserves….
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote for Trump".
The little girl who turned him over to the cops deserves a Nobel….
Nobel: "Trade... good for economy." ROFL! What free trade? 40% currency debasement, state subsidies, no min..
Toriko Manga Helped Raise Awareness of 'Autophagy' Before Nobel Prize.
Willard F Libby (Nobel Prize Chemistry 1960) Typed Signed Letter UCLA July 1976.
Nobel Prize for Chemistry to be Awarded on October 5 -.
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't... by #citizensrock via.
He thought twice before #NobelPrize - Don't Think Twice It's All Right - Bob Dylan.
Nigeria’s 1986 Nobel Prize Winner: ‘I Will Cut My U.S. Green Card If Trumps Wins’.
Can Bill Murray get a Nobel Peace Prize?.
Honored to welcome to Jerusalem today together with my wife, Liberian #NobelPrize winner A true inspirat….
Standing ovation for Nobel Peace Prize winner President Juan Manuel Santos on his visit to #belfast #ColombiaStateVisit.
Henry Rollins: Bob Dylan Doesn't Need Your Damn Nobel Prize  via.
Taking a break from science, and wondering when that Nobel prize will finally be mine.  #CatsOfTwitter.
Nobel Peace Prize Winner: Israel Can Teach Europe to Fight ISIS While Preserving Freedoms.
#AlbertEinstein won the Nobel Prize in 1921 for his experiments with #solar power and #photovoltaics..
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't... by #MattMurph24 via.
"Dylan’s noncommunicative status, for whatever reason, was 100 percent purebred badass.".
#NobelPrize winning research in your fridge! Clustered Water from NHT Global #hexagonalwater.
UCLA Global Forum dinner with Nobel Prize Winner and UCLA Alumnus, Randy Schekman -.
Alternative Arrest Nobel Prize for #Erdogan the precious Golum of #POTUS and #ISIS..
Nobel Prize Winner Bob Dylan Opens New Art Exhibit in London.
So they should have the Nobel Peace Prize? Come on, KKK might as well be spelled HATE..
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote for... by #rarey4 via.
I liked a video A.I. Learns Nobel Prize Experiment in Just 1 Hour!.
Those damn bias economists and Nobel prize winners....
This beautiful film from 1964 the same year that #JeanPaulSartre won the #beautyeh.
That gave the Nobel prize to fucking obama.  This is hardly negative.
How pioneering female physicist discovered #nuclear fission and was denied Nobel Prize: via.
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't... by #KathyJacksonMos via.
Let's not forget David Lammy thought Marie and Pierre who won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1903 were the Antoinet….
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote... by #puppymnkey via.
Conservatives have been lying about the economy for years. Hundreds of economists—including eight Nobel....
Former hostage Ingrid Betancourt says the Colombian Farc leader should share in the Nobel Peace.
#Insulin is a #CdnInnovation that won Frederick Banting the Nobel Prize in 1923 #DiabetesMonth.
Monochrome microscopy no more after Nobel Prize winning lab can now image in multi colour.
Retweeted Joy Reid a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't....
Alicia Keys on what Prince taught her, why Bob Dylan deserves the Nobel Prize and more.
Ivo Andric.
Nobel Prize winner in Literature 1961.
#IvoAndric #fineart #contemporaryart #oilonpanel #realism #portrait #Mari….
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't... by #KathyJacksonMos v….
Leadership and behavior: Mastering the mechanics of reason and emotion -- A Nobel Prize winner and a leading behav….
An Explosive Idea for the Nobel Prize in Medicine!.
A rehashed topic from the '80s - co's play key role in advanced learning & Nobel prize winners via.
#DrQuratulainBakhteari founder of Institute for Development Studies &Peace Nominated 4 the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 htt….
Nobel Prize-winning economist talks about his grave concerns about a Trump presidency.
Guatemalan 1992 Nobel Peace Prize laureate Rigoberta Menchu (C) is pictured next to the president of the… #campos.
The 2016 Nobel Prizes: Chemistry and Physics!.
I'm Stealing Jokes from a Nobel Prize #physics.
Dr. Eric Oeming wins for physics for 127 synthesis:.
Molecular machines are real. Be afraid, be very afraid, or very in awe. Your choice..
Discover how we are using Nobel prize-winning chemistry to drive our oncology research..
Study challenges past physics Nobel Prize results – The Johns Hopkins News-Letter.
This is why so many Muslims are mentally ill and why they have ZERO Nobel prizes for physics. #Islam.
INSIDE THE 2016 NOBEL PRIZE IN PHYSICS.
(ノ〝∩｡∩)ﾉU.S economy would be 'Disastrous' under #Trump Presidency -- says #Harvard Nobel laureate :: :: #Politics.
Who are the British winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics? – The Local.
More amazing news today: Former University of Birmingham professor awarded 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Nobel prize for chemistry: Lindahl, Modrich and Sancar win for DNA research.
Trump supporters definitely understand the economy better than Nobel Laureates #HilarySucksButThatsAllWeGot.
Developers of molecular machines win Nobel Prize for Chemistry Zolt (….
"It has since earned him a Nobel There is NO Nobel Prize for economics. It's a fake. Banksters' award..
"It has since earned him a Nobel There is NO Nobel Prize for economics. It's a fake. B….
Whom are you going to believe on the economy, 370 Nobel laureate sprinkled experts, or the guy who uses "believe me" as dat….
Interview with Andre Geim - Nobel Prize in Physics 2010.
Strange matter wins physics Nobel.
