Donald Trump Is Accused Of Raping A 13-Year-Old. Why Haven't The Media Covered It?.
Hilary Clinton has withdrawn herself from the presidential race..
Man wtf Hilary Clinton older than her 😂😂😂.
Trump and his CRONIES, are banking on the laziness and ignorance of SOME of the Hilary supporters by telling them....
Hilary Clinton says she will invest $25 Billion in HBCU's if elected.
Poor old Hilary! If it’s not the FBI going after you, it’s golf… #DonaldTrump….
If George W bush is willing to endorse Hillary Clinton what does that tell you about Hilary Clinton?.
All these names are listed on the manifest.
Colin Powell Called a "N*gger" and "Slave" by Conservatives After Endorsing Hilary Clinton | Urban Intellectuals.
Hilary #Clinton emails reveal #NATO killed #Gaddafi as he tried to create a Gold Backed Currency.
So y'all mean to tell me Beyoncé is older than Hilary Clinton 🤔.
News: Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton.
Ppl wanna constantly drag Hilary Clinton for her emails meanwhile has a freakin TRACK record.
Explain how Hilary Clinton gets you to peace on earth, what countries has trump set his sights on for war? please,….
The picture the Obama's and Hilary Clinton don't want you to see.....
#BREAKING: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton #Tweet4Mee.
...so I guess Hilary brought this on as well?.
ON AIR NOW - New talk of an Obama pardon for Hilary Clinton for possible crimes before she is sworn in? #tcot.
New: Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton.
Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton #DSNComedy.
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
One is a useless facsimile of a real politician and the other is Hilary Clinton! #LabourFail.
CBSN talking about young Hilary Clinton and Maddie!.
"girl grew up to be Hilary Clinton" LMAOOOOK WHERE THE HELL AM I ???.
He is a member of NWO's 10 secret societies of Global government just like Hilary and Bill Clinton are.
#DonateOne to #Sheswithus Guy Fletcher: Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton.
To the "expert" on who just listed President Obama and Hilary Clinton among "die-hard" Cubs fans: Come o….
Unbelievable. Deceitful #Hilary, CNN, DNC & DOJ have been through political corruptions. This does exist in USA too? http….
ON AIR NOW - Increasing number in GOP are talking "impeachment" of Hilary Clinton if she wins. Good idea? #tcot.
Definitely not the same Hilary Clinton running for president..
Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton  #huffington.
meanwhile Hilary Clinton is accused of sending a few emails.
WTF THEY MADE A FUCK HILARY CLINTON SONG TOO?? THE INTERNET HAS NO CHILL 😂😭💯.
LINK.
this sound dumb. y'all know how old hilary clinton is compared to beyoncé . swear i hate social media.
How The Hell Is This Possible If Hilary Clinton Is Way Older Than Beyoncé. Y'all Need To Quit Rn 😂😩..
HILARY CLINTON IN ANIMAL JAM?! GIVEAWAY?!: via.
Importantly Stupid! 🙄 How Df Beyoncé Gonna Give Hilary Clinton 3000 When Hilary Is Twice Her Age😒.
Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton - In an election cycle that seemingly couldn't get any ....
Doesn't Hilary defend people who sexually assault womem?.
Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton.
#Breaking #Trump #News Guy Fletcher: Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton.
Isn't Hilary Clinton older than Beyoncé??  😕.
This may be the most moving ad of the 2016 election, Khizr khan ad for Hilary Clinton  is incredibly powerful..
Flashback: Hilary Clinton/Campaign Fraud/Peter Paul Stan Lee Scandal via.
🤔🤔Hilary Clinton is like 70 yrs old.
Hilary inside trading..
NEWS.
HILARY CLINTON INDICTED FOR TREASON💣💥.
#INDEPENDENTS.
+ when Clinton gets good press (debates) the bots misspell her name, Hilary. For bad press they spell it right. Tre….
#PA #MI #WI #MAGA #Trump2016 #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst #CrookedHillary #Debate….
#Ask Questions #Answer #Question #Debate create #Polls easy login with #Twitter #socialmedia #Forum.
HUGE Pre #debate #BombShell that makes #HillaryGropedMe seem tame. See whole video.
OMG Hilary Clinton hates ordinary Americans! God Bless Wikileaks I love you guys….
I've been advised by Hilary Clinton ) not to wash my chicken  😂😂😂😂.
Think all college students are brain washed liberals?! Think again!!! #maga #debate #priorities.
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
Me at this point in the race #debate.
Hillary:*breathes*.
Trump: WROOOOOOOOOOONG.
#debate.
Hilary Clinton lost.
#Wigan Lisa Nandy  What a nasty lying bastard we see on #BBCQT.
Hilary with  U.S. Senator Robert Byrd.
is clearly collapsing, their students are dropping, they can't even find 2 to #debate. they would rather….
Napalm Deaths Frontman Endorses Hilary Clinton | | #CurrentPolitical.
#VoteTrump #MAGA End #CorruptHillary #debate Cheater #RackateeringClintons.
#PA #MI #WI #MAGA #Trump2016 #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst #CrookedHillary #Debate #DrainTh….
Hillary Clinton continues to rip off Americans... #debate.
Actor Steven Seagal #StevenSeagal given #Russian #Citizenship #WhatsNext #ThursdayThoughts #Debatenight #debate.
When both candidates avoid answering a question #debate.
#CrookedHillary = 3rd Obama Term.
House Report.
Intelligence Analysts were pressured to downplay ISIS.
Dancing Hilary Clinton #trump #hillary.
wtf Hilary Clinton is way older than Beyoncé I'm confused.
Yes...I brought my TicTacs with me, now give me a kiss  #debate.
Roswell priest under fire for comments made about Hilary Clinton.
So funny! and singing Time of my Life... #debate #debate2016 #Do….
The double standard that we apply to Hilary.  Yeah, it's real..
‘Every Thing We’ve Heard’: Hillary Clinton vs Donald Trump via.
Trump sniffled again at the second #debate (Vine by.
Join students Nov 7th as they host a mock "Presidential Debate”.  View #debate online.
Wikileaks did not get their information on Hilary Clinton from Russia, MSM whipping up lies #PodestaEmails.
Dept of Justice official gave #CrookedHillary's campaign chair a "heads up" re investigation.
Another #ABC #media #bias #LIAR > #DonnaBrazile caught in #lie PLUS feeding #Clinton #debate questions..
Our new camera doesn't focus on animals! #debate RETWEET if looks better like this 💩.
Trump is clearly unfit to lead. On Nov 8 lets send Trump home for good.Say NO to Trump!Values still matter in USA!P….
DESPERATE Rats on sinking ship,looking foolish! #Melania #FirstLadyMelania speaks for me NOT a #RackateeringHillary….
More #tbt's!! We had a great turn out for our #summitelection and all our students got their vote on. Our winner? H….
If you're interested in donating to the Trump campaign, here's a short-cut to the direct link: #debate.
Despite what CNN may tell you, Trump won the #debate last night. Like a Share if you support Alternative.
Hilary Clinton's new campaign ad makes it pretty clear why Trump's presidency would be bad for women:….
Hilary Clinton's server had emails so Top Secret that members of Congress can't see them! Must watch Video‼️ #DrinTheSwa….
Another example of a #rigged election.  #CNN wrkng to get #Hillary elected. #Trump #debate.
BBC News - US election 2016: What really happened with the Clintons in Haiti?.
The FBI should be examining Comey for wading into a Presidential election and trying to influence the outcome..
I liked a video WIKILEAKS BREAKING: "NO U.S. ELECTION" -- HILLARY RIGGED EVERYTHING!!.
Roger Stone, get your affairs in order because you & your posse are headed to prison! #ClintonEmails via.
This Video Could Stop #ElectionFraud -  #Election2016 #Decision2016.
It’s all about turnout. Together, we’re going to keep GOP control of the Senate and defeat Hillary Clinton in this presidentia….
Exclusive❗❗❗: gets honest about the most important things Black voters should keep in mind on #ElectionDay:.
....Sounds familiar #facts #ASSume #thirdparty.
Yessss. interviewed Michael Jackson's son. This is the non election related story I needed. 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾.
Donald Trump Takes Lead Over Hillary Clinton in Latest ABC News Poll.
FBI agents sought Clinton Foundation probe in early 2016 meeting with DOJ, sources say.
. Explains How Election Coverage Pushed Fox Business Past CNBC (Exclusive).
FBI examining fake documents targeting Clinton campaign: sources.
Wait till the Tsunami of Trump voters come out! Even a rigged election won't stop this movement!.
#MAGA.
#VoteTrump.
#NeverHill….
If next election comes soon, no result can be ruled out.Tories may be seen as Brexit deniers.UKIP may collapse. Cor….
LBJ watching election returns, tonight 1964:  #LBJL.
If Trump loses this election and you didnt do everything you can do to help win, blame yourself when your kids are liv….
The Washington Post finally admits that Trump could win..
'The FBI is Trumpland': anti-Clinton atmosphere spurred leaks, sources say | US news | The Guardian.
"Do not vote for Donald Trump," says a letter from 370 economists, including eight Nobel laureates.
Race Tightens; #Hillary Clinton Holds #Narrow Edge in #New Times/CBS Poll.
Hillary Clinton just won the nation’s largest student election in a landslide #p2 #ImWithHer #tcot….
#StanAgainstEvil was just the escape I needed last night from this scary election!.
Uh oh.
Tide is starting to turn for Donald Trump in a state that looked lost..
Why Obama's lead in 2012 was pretty safe -- and why Clinton's isn't:.
UNDERCOVER VIDEO: Democrats ask Union Leaders to LIE to their members.
NEW - Last weekend before Election Day, Trump campaign manager joins.
How can Americans trust Donald Trump?.
TRUMP PRAISED BY FORMER BRITISH ARMY CHIEF....
You've Been Trumped Too review – this is what a Trump win would look like.
Based New Hampshire..
NFL TV viewership has declined 13% in the first 8 weeks. Will it turn around post-election?.
With just 5 days until Election Day, watch Hillary speak live in North Carolina:.
Video emerges of Donald Trump 'humiliating' Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins on stage in 2011 so he can "get even".
This is Republicans working with the Russian FSB & the FBI to try to swindle an election they know they can't win on the mer….
Read my latest story in For decades, Trump has destroyed documents and emails sought under court order. http….
What you need to know about the Donald Trump rape lawsuit — and the accuser who claims he raped her when she was 13.
Do we want a president who is beholden to no one but the American people? Then we want Donald Trump to b….
Polls: Trump ahead in Arizona and Texas, deadlocked in Georgia via.
This is a metaphor for the election, or?.
When does Trump deny this story? Trafficking underage girls for sex with powerful men.
Top Psychologist: The Noel Edmonds Factor Will Rig The Election For Hillary #NoelEdmonds.
🇺🇸PRSA Hawaii's Election Hangover Mixer 🍷 -.
Dear #Trump voter: Jobs have been lost to microchips, not immigrants. U.S. factories 2x as productive as in 1984..
Fascinating piece on Trump supporters with key ties to the FBI and FBI community in NYC, incl Giuliani.
PERFECT! 😂😂😂😂😂Stephanopoulos' wife: If Trump wins we are moving to Australia" #mustread #feedly.
Her old ass won't live to see the election.
Hillary Clinton's niece is voting for Donald Trump via.
Are you sure the election is rigged? Find out at.
Donald Trump is polling at 2% among black voters..
I guess I missed #Obama denouncement of Black Panthers in 08 & 12. #HillaryIndictment #PodestaEmails27 #LockHerUp.
BREAKING UPDATE: Hillary Clinton Foundation Criminal FBI Investigation Has SHIFTED to VERY HIGH PRIORITY !!!#HillaryInd….
Vote Wisely #fuckfacevonclownstick.
The Donald Trump Sign at the Cop-Killer’s House via.
Five days to go... She really has nothing new?.
BREAKING: woman who sued Donald Trump for child rape breaks her silence today..
MELANIA TRUMP: Cyberbullying has to stop, "our culture has gotten too mean.".
DONALD TRUMP:.
#Maga LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in GREEN BAY, WI  (1000s attending) another 20,000 will be wathcing online.
Tim Kaine makes his pitch to Latino voters – in Spanish -- and hits Trump on his campaign rhetoric about Latinos.
Another poll in Germany shows #Trump would only get 5% if Germans could vote..
Kaine: Impeachment talk suggests Republicans think they are going to lose the election.
White House Readies to Fight Election Day Cyber Chaos  #Pitt #Phillies.
White nationalists plot Election Day show of force.
Thinking about writing in a candidate on Election Day? Read this before you do. #dataviz.
1/ Some holy shit details in here..
Trump grossly exaggerates his income. surprise..
Seems like a must-read for anybody trying to figure our what's up at FBI and how Rudes fits in ....
BREAKING: Catholics arent the only ones who LOVE Donald Trump !Protestants also say NO to Hillary Clinton #HillaryIndic….
NOW...TRUTH ON NEWS LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Selma, NC 11/3/16 via.
Basketmouth says he he will run for Nigeria’s Presidential election in 2019 if Donald Trump….
And even when Donald Trump is on video tape, audio tape and quoted by the entire press corps he STILL doesn't have….
Melania Trump wants to stop cyberbullying..
Is she aware she's married to the biggest cyberbully in U.S..
Election Update: Why Clinton's Position Is Worse Than Obama's By Nate Silver. #nail biter.
I feel like trump is constantly trying to perfect Sebastian's "pucker up like this" face.
A group of 370 economists have signed a letter warning against the election of Donald Trump 🔓.
Donald Trump campaign manager says Hillary Clinton's "scandalabra" is catching up with her.
has a message for Donald Trump: "See you next Tuesday": 👀.
Melania Trump deplores bullies, but... um, has she read her husband's tweets?.
During last night's Louisiana Senate debate, this white supremacist could not stop praising Donald Trump..
To the world, I'm "The Apprentice." To the IRS, I'm "The Biggest Loser." This is why I can't release my tax returns! h….
made as much a fashion statement as she did a political one..
#NoMandateMay faces calls for early general election as #BrexitFail plan left in ruins.
Grade school kids with more understanding of our country than the adults in charge of them..
Donald Trump’s Income Isn’t Always What He Says It Is ... paid $150M for Doral, it loses $2.5M/yr. htt….
NEW: Clinton hits Obama levels of support among Florida Hispanics, poll shows.
TRUMP: the COMING LANDSLIDE. ~Ancient Prophecy Documentary of Donald ….
CNN's Dana Bash on Melania Criticizing Cyberbullying: 'Have You Met Donald Trump?'  !!!!!.
WIKILEAKS BREAKING: "NO U.S. ELECTION" -- HILLARY RIGGED EVERYTHING!! via.
The only thing that keeps President Hussein out of jail is the election of.
Melania Trump plagiarized again, this time it's Donald's second wife, Marla Maples..
I won my first election to the Senate by a little over 3,000 votes. I’m deadly serious when I say showing up matters. Your vo….
The Independent: Hillary Clinton FBI indictment 'likely', claims Fox News..
Update: LA Times Severs Relationship With Reporter Who Wished for Donald Trump's Death - Breitbart.
The 2016 election has confounded pundits, upended precedent and now it’s spurring unusual patterns in the U.S.....
I've got seven grandchildren and four kids. I worry about the future of this planet. I'm not sitting this election out.….
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media. Her husband is Donald Trump..
Russia seen as unable to alter election, but may still seek to undermine it.
Seth Meyers Presents the Case Against Donald Trump: The ‘Monster’ Hiding in Our Closets  via.
Obama to black voters: Trump would undo my legacy.
FL GOP Accusing Election Officials in Broward County of Voter Fraud.
Even as Donald Trump rises, GOP's hopes of keeping the Senate looking dimmer.
Can Teleprompter Trump stay disciplined? "Stay on point, Donald, stay on point," he says.
Donald #Trump pledges to sign anti-LGBTQ 'First Amendment Defense Act':.
Basketmouth says he he will run for Nigeria's Presidential election in 2019 if Donald Trump wins US election -….
Several GOP lawmakers saying Paul Ryan will step down as House Speaker after election.
#BoycottFOXNEWS until they Fire #Kelly Never Ever turn on when she is on! I will not watch them election n….
#MarketPulse: OANDA Trading Desk: US Election Risk meets Brexit.
#mtp Hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and #Pence have said—so we did it for you..
FBI unlikely to finish Clinton email probe by election: report.
This is what our election has become: A black church in Mississippi was set on fire and vandalized with 'Vote Trump' graff….
This is the real rigging of the election. Meticulously planned & executed by Republicans..
'The FBI is Trumpland': anti-Clinton atmosphere spurred leaks, sources say.
NBC Caught Preparing Hillary Victory Results Before Election via.
Retired Military Brass Decry Trump, Citing Attitude Toward Women #FireComey #TrumpInPrison.
YOOO SOMEONE PLAYED MEXICAN MUSIC AT A DONALD TRUMP RALLY IM DEAD 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀😂😂😂😂🇲🇽.
I wonder how "Melania Trump" feels about Donald's sex trafficking of underage models? Was she one of them?.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Selma, NC 11/3/16 via.
Do you want to get rid of stupid celebrities , then vote Trump they all r promising 2 leave the country if he wins?.
An Election That Steers Clear of Climate Talk, During the Warmest Year Ever.
'Hide of a rhinoceros' helps NBC's Katy Tur withstand Donald Trump's taunts.
IN ONE WEEK: "Finally, It's Over: The 2016 Election and Its Aftermath" -.
UPDATE: LA Times Hack Claims He Was JOKING When He Wished #Trump.
"Donald Trump is the Real Deal, and will Make America Great Again.” - 🐊🐍🐀.
I thought I was just scared of Trump – but it's his America I fear | Jessica Valenti.
TIMES: May is urged to call snap election over Brexit ruling #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers.
2016 Election Analysis:  Trump Will Defeat Clinton in Landslide.
Group of FBI agents - led by a guy Trump donated $1M to - are behind the "leaks," pressured Comey to target Clinton..
FBI finds emails related to Hillary Clinton's State Department tenure via cbsnews.
CLINTON IS GONNA GO DOWN. DO BELIEVE FBI HAS ENOUGH ON CLINTON FOUNDATION NOW TO PRESENT AN INDICTMENT!.
#ElectionFraud h….
Nasty women will make sure #Trump loses this election and  we will elect to the presidency!! #NeverTrump #….
Why People Hate #HillaryClinton!.
#WonderWoman #PodestaEmails28 #TeamKJ #HillaryIndictment #TCOT #FBIReopensCase.
📻htt….
AP presstitute invited Clinton camp to 'steer him away' from damaging story. Rigged media..
MORE-> "FBI finds emails related to Hillary Clinton's State Dept tenure".
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible: via.
Hillary Clinton to hold Election Eve rally in Philadelphia with the Obamas via.
TED CRUZ IN IOWA:.
‘WE’RE ONE LIBERAL JUSTICE AWAY FROM LOSING OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS’.
~* #TrumpTrain plz...
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Selma, NC 11/3/16.
Madness at North Carolina Central University as Clinton and Pharrell surprise students.
NC state election director explains why thousands of black likely Clinton voters are being purged from the rolls.
if trump and clinton were in love.
Michael Moore.
Builds a career on opposing Wall Street, globalist trade deals & corruption.
Endorses Hillary Clinton http….
Wow even Deray, phony leader of BLM, was being paid by the Clinton Money Machine. What a fraud. #PodestaEmails28 #Hillar….
Pete Williams says there is no Clinton Foundation investigation––which make the leaks look even more partisan..
Watch these kids talk about how Trump has made their lives hell.
Tonight on The Factor we'll tell you why Hillary Clinton could lose the election --.
The people of Arkansas know all they need to know about the Clinton's and want no part of them. #PodestaEmails28.
Jerry Falwell: Hillary Clinton's law firm told Liberty University to abandon its Christian beliefs to save money.
Chelsea Clinton: "I Don't Remember a Time in My Life Where My Mom Wasn't Being Attacked" via #dumptrump.
Hillary Clinton Ad Uses Donald Trump's Words On Women, Refocusing Campai... via.
GUESS WHAT DONALD TRUMP JUST DID:.
Right! Trump inspired us in this video game. Hope you enjoy!….
If Nevada goes blue, Trump needs a state like PA or VA or WI to win — along with FL + OH + IA + NC..
WOW BREAKING!!! Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul says Hillary Clinton has Committed TREASON !! #HillaryIndicme….
#3WordMotivationalSpeech.
Heros supporting TRUMP!.
22 Medal of Honor recipients,  the bravest of the brave! God bless you!….
Hillary Clinton has held 16 press avails/gaggles/press conferences since the DNC in July. Her last was October 28 in Des….
The Economist kinda endorses Hillary Clinton, “a better candidate than she.
WATCH LIVE: President Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Forget Trump and Hillary, this man Gary Johnson has no chill 😂.
Another day, another bombshell disclosure -- Has Clinton topped Nixon?.
"I'll feel bad if Donald Trump is elected, but I'll also feel bad if Hillary Clinton is elected".
Our new poll shows Clinton’s 30-point lead in Florida Hispanic poll is ‘terrifying’ to GOP nationwide.
A white Trump supporter just killed two cops and #BlueLivesMatter is nowhere to be found. They just hate Black people, tha….
Hillary Clinton at Pro-Abortion Rally: “Fighting for Kids Will be the Mission of My Presidency”.
Bryan Cranston on Trump. The same thoughts in my head..
Woman in Lehigh, PA steals Trump sign on Camera!.
WATCH: DONALD TRUMP RALLY IN SELMA, NC LIVE STREAM.
Crochet ornaments#christmas#father#santa#oldworld#clinton#trump#etsy#crochet#miriamsturtz#sturtzo#emailme#gmascdochet#gma http….
Melania Trump lamented the rise of bullying in a speech. Has she met her husband?.
via.
PA VA CO NH all move toward Trump post #HillaryIndictment.
RealClearPolitics - 2016 Election Maps - Race Changes.
Worn out by the election (campaign shenanigans)? After you vote, add some fun & glamour to your life via.
Melania Trump spoke out today against bullying. Does she realize who her husband is?.
Absolutely none, there is no benefit of a Trump presidency for anyone who isn't wealthy..
Word got out that Hillary Clinton was actively working 2Destroy Catholicism frm within/Late Term Abortion #HillaryIndic….
One of the last stories I was involved with at NYT. did some great digging into Trump's income claims..
How the heck can voters think Donald Trump is more honest than Hillary Clinton?.
What's on the line for women this election??  The right to have control over you own medical decisions!!....
Trump Shocks Media and Destroys Narrative... Says He Needs God's Wisdom.
Final Univision poll shows Clinton up by 49% among Latinos in AZ, 30% in FL, 53% in NV (all bigger than Obama '12)..
This Barrett story suggests strongly that some in the FBI have been directly coordinating with the Trump campaign.
#2016Election Another Trump Bust - that is closing argument against any aspiration of this man to be the POTUS..
Thousands and thousands at #Trump rally in #Selma #NorthCarolina - no official count yet - massive.
🚨Nigel Farage says he will ‘join Donald Trump’s team in the White House’🚨.
Coverup? Clinton Foundation fails to disclose latest donor report,tax return.
Tonight's Tipping Points: #Veritas vidoes, Clinton Foundation, & FBI investigations!.
WATCH:.
BREAKING: Clinton server breached by up to seven actors: report.
HERE'S THE TRUTH FOR ALL OF YOU ON THE HATE HILLARY WAGON..
You must convince 1 undecided to vote Trump or convince one Hillary voter to not vote before Tuesday,Talk to EVERYONE….
WATCH: Dem Donor Won't Apologize For Calling Black Republicans 'Seriously F***ed in The Head'.
"I've always been a Yankees fan".
--Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton has historic 30-point lead over Trump w/FL Hispanics. That should "terrify" the GOP.
Trump fans sing the national anthem in Selma, NC..
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Pharrell Williams are about to rally here in Raleigh.
A vote for is a vote for four years of corruption, investigation, and gridlock. h….
"FBI finds emails related to Clinton's State Department tenure".
"These emails are NOT duplicates of emails.
BreitbartNews: Daily reminder that Hillary suffered a brain injury so severe she used it as an excuse not to an….
Emails show Hillary Clinton aide celebrating F-15 sales to Saudi Arabia as "good news" by.
I liked a video Donald Trump EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW - The Worst Of The Presidential Elections.
Melania Trump: "They are hurt when they are made fun of, or made to feel less in looks or intelligence." Hmm:.
At a venue called "The Farm" in Eastern North Carolina more than ten thousand have gathered to listen to Donald Trump h….
Still very long lines to get into Obama Clinton rally. At one time it was over a mile long. It's still growing.
New legal documents prove election tampering in.
Trump's Law and order "Stop and Frisk" discriminates against #Blacks and #Latinos #ImagineTrumpsAmerica #WakeUpAmerica #FL….
#melania said, "This is not an ordinary campaign. It is a movement!" Yes a "BM", as #trump poops all over the natio….
Melania Trump calls on all Americans to reject cyber bullies. #ImWithHer #StopBullying.
FBI finds new emails from Clinton's State Dept. tenure.
Republican Trey Gowdy Admits Faking Clinton Emails To Make Her Look Guilty.
TRUMP WILL WIN!!.
Bill Clinton's Black Son Demands Lewinsky's Semen Stained Dress.
The Comey Effect: Clinton loses lead (RCP avg) in four key battleground states after FBI Director's letter to Congress….
WikiLeaks: DOJ official gave 'heads up' to Clinton camp - CNN Video.
Stunning Report Finds Anti-Clinton FBI Agents Are Trying To Get Trump Elected President via.
"Anyone who votes for Hillary Clinton is aiding and abetting a felon.".
You're supremely gullible..
BREAKING: Ex-Apprentice #SummerZervos Paid $500,000 By To Accuse Trump, Deal Went To Others Too.
Crooked is in NC talking about Hurricane Matthew, she's a day late and a dollar short.  Trump already sent supplies.  H….
Will Hillary condemn them? Will anyone demand that?.
Pro-Trump Pitt students assaulted AGAIN, receive death threats htt….
Now Heritage says no Dem Supreme Court justices ever: Within months this will become the default….
Chairman of Homeland Security calls Hillary Clinton Actions "Treason".
Lock Her Up!.
#HillaryIndicment.
GAME OVER! 5 DAYS BEFORE THE ELECTION, TRUMP GETS AMAZING NEWS THAT HAS HILLARY SCRAMBLING! ht….
2 witnesses testify to #TrumpRape of 13 yr.
Clinton on Russia, Iran, and Syria advanced "hawkish views that do not reassure all of America’s friends”.
🚨Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul: In my opinion, quite frankly, Hillary Clinton has committed TREASON!.
Trump-effect grips world stocks, dollar | Business Line.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton virtually ignored the 15-year-old war in Afghanistan.
No surprise here, just confirmation: 'The FBI is Trumpland': anti-Clinton atmosphere spurred leaks, sources say.
Melania #Trump is upset by people who bully others on the internet..
You know, like her husband..
Wow! Must see! FBI behind massive release of info on #ClintonCorruption in counter coup, not Russia! #WakeUpAmerica.
Question 2 in MA election:.
#YesOn2 - Create public schools families want to attend..
#NoOn2 - Block the.
Ted Cruz: "I'm getting ready to get on a gigantic airplane that has Donald #Trump's name painted on the side of it.".
W….
No going back on February LG election in Oyo – OYSIEC via.
Update: Homeless Woman Who Was Guarding Trump Hollywood Star Is Found – Trump Camp Notified htt….
#Democrats #FeelTheBern again it's corruption center stage.
Join the #TrumpTrain and let's get on track with….
Networks Caught Preparing Hillary Victory Announcements.
Full report: #CrookedHillary #election….
Melania Trump Made The Case For A President Who Is Not Her Husband #BlueWave2016 #StrongerTogether  #LGBT #Veterans4Hillary….
Bill Clinton Backpedals After Calling Health Law ‘Craziest Thing In The World’.
News networks gave far more coverage to Bill Cosby's rape accusers than Trump's..
Bill Cosby is not running 4 president.….
Hillary Clinton and Pharrell on the tarmac at RDU.
Secret Recordings Fueled FBI Feud in Clinton Probe.
'She Should Not Be Running for President': Flynn Calls for Hillary to Drop Out | Fox News Insider.
To you Hollywood elites & Hillary supporters who have threatened to leave the U.S. when Trump is elected, I have but one….
Ruline Steininger has seen a lot of history over the years, and when it comes to Hillary versus Trump, she has something….
identified more than 100 pro-Trump websites being run from a single Macedonian town.".
As more details of we "Trump TV" leak, why assume it's just a backup plan? What if it's designed for use if he WINS? ht….
Clintons Sell Political Favors to Clinton Foundation Donors.
Melania Trump = Strong independent Woman: businesswoman, intelligent,grace/style, Speaks 5 languages #Trump2016 #Melan….
IRS is also investigating the Clinton Foundation.
#Wikileaks sending #Benghazi emails.
#IndictHillary #PodestaEmails #ClintonFoundation.
#CorruptClintons.
Five days to Election Day! Or as our new cover puts it....
Whose speech will she steal THIS time? Dr King's "I Have A Dream," or her hubby's "I Have A.
This 13 Yr Old Girl DESTROYS Hillary at Trump's Rally in Phoenix!.
Show your SUPPORT for this AMAZING girl!.
#MAGA #TrumpTrain….
US State Dept has released 357 new Clinton emails in our search system shortly:.
Illegal immigrants surging to US-Mexico border in race against Election Day  #FoxNews2016 http….
💥💥 #Dems4Trump.
This election isn't about Republican vs. Democrat. It's about #Corruption vs.
#MAGA..
#PodestaEmails27.
#Dr….
"My Donald will win this election No one is better at coming from behind than him" Melania Trump.
LA Times severs relationship with reporter who wished for Trump's death.
Your dad supports trump?.
Clinton's team arranges for a interview & made sure that would NOT ask tough Q's!.
#Wikil….
I'm pro-life & agree that "today’s conservatism has far more to gain from the defeat of Donald Trump." ht….
Melania just plagiarized Trump's second wife Marla Maples. Here's the only Google results for "if you could dream it, y….
Donald Trump just got one of his only newspaper endorsements of this election...from the Ku Klux Klan..
Watch all the Trump-inspired Biff Tannen Museum footage not seen in Back to the Future Part II ~ they look identical.
What’s the difference between Trump and Clinton, anyway?.
#HillaryIndictment she set him up to cover up what he was about to expose in arms transfers!  #MAGA.
America has been sold….
White Supremacist Says He's Sorry for Calling Candidate Gay.
William Weld, Libertarian vice presidential nominee, defended Hillary Clinton against attacks from Donald Trump..
#DoctorStrange stars Benedict Cumberbatch and Tilda Swinton answer "really strange questions" with.
#CHRISTIANS✝.
SILENCE by not VOTING.
Is VOTE for #EVIL.
NOT to VOTE denies GOD.
DEFEND #Life.
#1A.
#Trump.
#SaveOurChildre….
Trump a savage.
Hillary Clinton Never Met A War She Didn't Want Other Americans To Fight via.
Melania Trump strikes again! Only this time, she plagiarized...wait for it....
her predecessor, Marla Maples..
Hillary Clinton speeches released by to be published:.
Bill Maher Roasts ‘Rapist’ Donald Trump in #WhinyLittleBitch Comedy Special  via.
and Clinton/Kaine as far back as 2007.
#BREAKING: For voters of Hillary Clinton, a #HillaryIndictment might mean more than not having her as POTUS, it might mean act….
Busted! Here are the Complete Rigged Election Results for The Networks. via information needs to seen!.
Really amazing reflection by about what it was like to be taunted by Trump today in FL. Worth a watch, from.
So Trump Jr came to speak at my school today and this was the results.
DON'T BELIEVE MEDIA #Trump Rally in Charlotte, NC  (1000s attending) another 20,000 will be wathcing online #Maga.
"The best thing to do at this point is finish the thing.".
Bevin probe of Beshear began in spring; first public action comes five days before election via.
In this country our leaders are bound by the rule of law. Hillary Clinton must be held accountable for her actions..
http….
Tom DeLay: 'Almost 100' Agents Threatened to Quit Over Clinton Email.
It's "The Trumpchurian Candidate": CNN confirms FBI is investigating Trump, Stone, Manafort...and Russia..
FBI Clinton Foundation probe finds 'avalanche' of corruption evidence via.
Violence, dishonesty, disrespect, cruelty, and greed: These are Trump Values. WATCH:.
A new logo for the Clinton campaign  #PodestaEmails28.
Flag mounted on fire ladder at #Trump rally in #Selma #North #Carolina.
Two terrabyte drive with Clinton White House emails missing, presumed stolen from National Archives.
The Indictment That Made Bill Clinton President | The American Conservative via.
Top Ten Reasons Why I'm Voting For Donald Trump.
Politico Reporter Gets Caught AGAIN Sending A Story To A Clinton Staffer For Approval.
All the Evidence We Could Find About Fred Trump's Alleged Involvement with the KKK | VICE | United States #OpDrumpf.
Melania Trump made a very compelling case for a president who is not her husband.
"My husband is ready to lead this great nation." - Trump 🇺🇸 #MAGA.
#HillExit: Photos of a Pennsylvania Grandma switching from Hillary to Trump goes viral.
💣💣😂  #FBI sources 99% sure Clinton’s server was hacked by at least 👉5 👈 foreign intelligence.
Trump 'Corruption' Ad Hits Hillary n FBI Investigation -  via #lockherup #votetrump.
Hillary Clinton's niece and Barack Obama's brother are both avid Trump supporters. I'm liking this trend..
We're LIVE on Facebook. Tune in to see the film Trump doesn't want to you see before the election!.
Another lying Trump ad (Unless he's working w/FBI): Clinton emails 'found on pervert Anthony Weiner's laptop'.
Lest we forget who left us in positive territory and deficit free before the mess!! Name of CLINTON!.
to CortezMasto: Do you find Reid’s tactics to discredit people by lying about them acceptable? #NVSen.
How the FBI rigged the election for Trump, a Facebook Live chat -- #ComeyResign.
trump plan is sell US voters like he sells steaks his "university" & his casinos with his name on them. his buyer's sati….
TIMES FRONT PAGE: 'May is urged to call snap election over Brexit ruling' #skypapers.
Megyn Kelly asks Julian Assange "Why doesn't WikiLeaks report dirt on Trump"?...Assange reply is "There isn't any!".
WE DON'T EVEN MAKE OUR OWN FAKE NEWS ANYMORE.
