10-15-2016 Los Angeles California Street corner "Honk if you're voting for Donald Trump!" #CA  Post to FB #debate #Lo….
It would be impossible for Donald Trump to stick by his tax plan and lower debt. #debate.
Donald Trump responds to Joe Biden saying he'd like to take Trump "behind the gym": "I'd love that! Mr Tough Guy.".
“I started this campaign to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. That’s what I’m going to do.” ~Donald Trump.
President Obama: Donald Trump’s refusal to say if he will accept election results is "dangerous".
Study: 91 percent of coverage on evening newscasts was negative to Donald Trump.
From his recent statements, it's hard to figure out how Obamacare impacts Trump's employees.
FLORIDA: He gave you his all! It's NOW time to show your gratitude; casting the MORAL vote to elect Donald J Trump….
"My daughter, a first time voter, cast her vote for Donald J. Trump. Just doing her part to MAGA!!!".
Trump's absurd threats to sue critics and accusers are even chilling speech by ABA free speech watchdogs.
Donald Trump is unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. A president doesn’t call our military a “total disaster.”.
#SourcesHaveConfirmed that Barack Obama lied to everyone and it's time to elect Donald Trump before Hillary makes it worse….
This little girls reaction to meeting Donald Trump is solid gold..
Me giving my vote to Hillary so Trump doesn't win.
Calling All Taco Trucks, Trump is leaving the campaign trail tomorrow to do his DC hotel opening. We need a taco truck wall,….
If I were Hillary, I'd cut this Trump interview into an ad and air it on Fox to demoralize Republicans..
REPORT: Machines Switch From Trump to Hillary....
Donald Trump seeks to Unify us as ONE Nation under God! #AmericanUnity.
Cocaine, Underage Girls, & Leonardo DiCaprio: Donald Trump's Past Comes Back To Haunt Him….
Ambassador Chris Stevens’s mother: I am writing to object to any mention of his name & death in Benghazi, by Trump’s c….
How angry does Donald Trump make me? Angry enough to steal 40 Trump signs..
Electing Donald Trump would be a knockout blow to globalism!.
Republicans are so desperate they're threatening lawsuits over TV ads linking them to Donald Trump via.
Read this.Heart shattered into a million pieces.7 yr old Maaria to her Dad, "I Had a Scary Dream About Donald Trump".
Politico: Obama to flee country if Trump.
Jacksonville reporter says Trump cancelled an interview w/ her yesterday after she refused to send a list of questions to….
Who else is going to hold it up bro lol, black people are not paying Donald Duck Trump any attention..
