I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth htt….
The Presidential #Debate starts at 9 Eastern!  via.
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:.
The #debate was nearly a draw, in terms of speaking times.
If you dont realize our government has been taken over by corruption you are part of the problem! #debate.
#PodestaEmails18 "I'll just talk2white people" video...& the #HRC camp applauds the.
I made Hilary Clinton president. Play the BBC's Predict the President game.
20 mins until the last #debate. With millions watching, it's critical we challenge a culture of toxic masculinity and….
Obama leaving the White House and realizing, this country needs him #PresidentialDebate #debate.
The positions for the 2017 Executive Board contain full voting....
Wikileaks cables say Soros-linked Voting Machine NOW USED in 16 US states rigged the 2004 Venezuelan election!.
The Election is 2 weeks out - What you can do!.
As the 1st Amend chair of ABA's Civil Rights Litigation Committee, I'm just dumbfounded by this. Chickenshit move. htt….
Rigging the Election - Video II:  Mass Voter Fraud via.
I liked a video Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged?.
I had such a great time working on the let's talk about the election series!.
basically the 2016 election.
Tough stuff, GOP. Here's what the election would look like if only millennials voted, via.
NBC's 1980 Election Night Coverage: Shock, Dismay -- and Faulty Polling - The Rush Limbaugh Show.
BREAKING: Hillary Just Broke NC Election Law…Will She Face The Consequences?.
said in March 2015 he found out about Clinton’s email system at “the same time everybody else learned it through news….
George Soros Personally Advising John Podesta | The Daily Caller.
U should B disclosing ur working w/The Clinton campaign..
Bob Woodward on the #ClintonFoundation: ‘It’s Corrupt’ #RedNationRising.
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email... by #lisamarie796 via.
THE MAN #PASSAIC #COUNTY NEEDS NOW!.
Our Black Americans are Smart, they know the deal!.
The Trump video the media won't let you see - the crowd, the energy, the excitement. #MAGA3X.
Hillary the "peaceful" one:.
I am the.
Alex jones was literally pushing the World War 3 line last week:.
lol this ad should give everyone an idea of how lame the general election attack ads on Bernie would have been..
New emails show HRC personally corresponding with tech staff Pagliano & Cooper, who administered the private server.
The 282 People, Places and Things #DonaldTrump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List - The New York Times.
Porn Star played the Media.
Call the Federal Election Commission and tell them we want Hillary locked up for violating FEC laws. Every notifies t….
The Baltimore AJ is the one that should be in prison.. sorry.. forgot .. she Is black !  designated victim status !….
Trump: "The biggest problem I have is the press. The press is extremely dishonest. Without the press, Hillary wouldn't even….
