10-15-2016 This rally in Ohio shows the real numbers supporting & Post to FB - TY #debate #Debates20….
Don't miss the gubernatorial #debate tonight on 88.3 fm or listen #LIVE on & don't forget to be #Radi….
Sign the petition to put our Veterans before illegals and refugees.
The latest The Dan Cohen Weekly! Thanks to #debatenight #debate.
I don't Trump ever, but for to be complaining about the election justice narrative is extremely hypocritical….
Trump on the Rush Limbaugh Show to discuss election & Obamacare. #NeverHillary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DrainTheSwamp htt….
This is perhaps the most revealing of all the Trump quotes we've heard this election:.
There's going to be an #SNL election special to recap the contentious campaign:.
Are you going to be like the an….
Threatening to jail a political rival and claiming the election is rigged is the talk of third-world dictatorships.
This video needs millions of views before the election. Perfect report on the Clinton Foundation crimes.
The government's ability to ensure the election process is secure is being put to the test.
We seem to have arrived at the classic "Dilbert Guy claiming to have operational knowledge about ISIS" stage of the election c….
Rap Sheet: The Women Who Claim to Be Victims of Bill and Hillary Clinton #imwithher #NeverHillary.
Election Day is About End The Republican PARTY of HATE! As Well as Electing Hillary Clinton!….
I think this says it all...there are so few Blacks for Trump, they had to get this blonde lady to hold the sign. #Neve….
pleads with Trump's campaign manager to tell him to quit picking on the media..
This is the Trump video the establishment media doesn't want you to see!.
A WARNING TO THE VOTERS OF THE UNITED STATES  DO NOT VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON #ANONYMOUS #IMWITHHER #….
The only thing Hillary Clinton can't cough up is the truth..
Two weeks to Election Day. This is where the House races stand:.
70 disgraces that were perfectly acceptable to the GOP.
According to Google News, the biggest problem with #Obamacare is Trump. What about rising premiums and shrinking coverage?….
If Romney worked to get the black vote in 2012 like has, we may well be talking about the re-election o….
