Egypt says it launched strikes on ISIS locations in Sinai to avenge its soldier who was killed in attack Friday..
Three killed in refugee camp #ISIS suicide attack.
Syrian refugee arrested on suspicion of planning a major attack in Berlin was speaking to a member of ISIS in Syria.
While the #FSA battles #ISIS gangs, Russia, Assad, Iran & Hezbollah gangs attack residential areas, hospitals & school….
This is the second, not first time, Islamic State in Grand Sahara has claimed an attack. I wrote on 1st one here.
ISIS claims attack on Shia mourners in Kabul.
Turkey is expanding its intervention in northern Syria, focusing primarily on taking territory from Kurds, not ISIS htt….
How the War in #Syria is About #Oil, not #ISIS.
BBC News Syria conflict: IS 'ousted from symbolic town of Dabiq' BBC News Turkish-backed rebels have captured the….
Not entirely sure Kanye is the answer to the crisis in Syria.
No going back: Decentralisation is the only future for Syria. #YPG #SDF #SAA #NDF #FSA #ISIS.
Two terms of Obama & the Global Order is Collapsing-->Putin cancels Paris trip, diplo crisis over Syria deepens.
"It is not the Nobel we long for most, but peace itself" #WhiteHelmets.
#Obama once again alerts the world of our attack. Now Russia. He says when we leave Iraq, when we strike #ISIS IDIOT ht….
Reports say the Kremlin is ramping up its global reach with military bases from the Caribbean to Southeast Asia..
These young people are partying hard in Syria while the rest of the country is trapped under the rubble..
.At war AGAIN, not in Egypt, Libya, Syria or Ukraine, now Obama, the anti war Prez is bombing Yemen..
The picture is from Syria, the tweet the usual blood libel..
The two faces of Hillary Clinton on Syria.
Our guest Jay Dyer talks about the geopolitical quagmire that is Syria and the forces behind it turning it....
But now we got all the kinks worked out, and Syria is going to be a peaceful, functioning, First World democracy by 20….
Egypt launches 'revenge' airstrikes on ISIS in Egyptian military.
IHS does great tracking of IS territorial gains and losses in Iraq and Syria. Mostly losses, of course: 16% in 2016..
Unipolar no more: With Russia and China’s growing aggression, the world is becoming increasingly multipolar.
Is diplomacy the continuation of Russia's war by other means in Syria?.
New "Letter From Hawaii" is live: #women on the waves, Colombian #peace activists, women at the front line in #Syria ht….
This is the truth. Putin defends the Christians in Syria and Obama the communist points nukes at Russia. Who do....
Our joint letter to world leaders: the children of Aleppo cannot wait; time is running out #Syria.
This is the situation in the city now.
The fear of living under IS. The hope of liberation. And yet surely more fear to see one of these leaflets float fr….
Good to know that one person on the pic got shot in Syria and one is in prison for 14 years.
Why is it when we attack terrorists in #Yemen the world hates us.
The battle for #Mosul may not end when the #IslamicState is defeated. Stratfor analysts explain in this #podcast:.
Kerry’s on-off talks go nowhere while Syria, Russia get on with winning the war by #ChristieC733 via.
If you want to know why Putin is a threat and what should be done, the paperback of Winter Is Coming is out Nov 8..
Shia dressed as Army ... not the first time ...Their Aqidah is weak ...Make dua for Mujahids. #KhilafahFR #ISIS….
#EuphratesShield: amidst collapse of #ISIS defenses #FSA backed by #TSK took 7 locations today incl. the strongholds of….
Not #HillaryBecause of the fact that the Islamic State wouldn't exists at all if it wasn't for her & Obama's actions ht….
Right-wing militants, since 2002, have killed more people in the U.S. than jihadis.
maybe isis is right about the gays.
BREAKING: the #Assyrian City of #Ba'ashiqa in the Nineveh Plains liberated completely from #ISIS.
Only In The World Of American Media Is Syria A Civil War.
ISIS Loses Its Prophetic Battle With The West via.
After ISIS was kicked out of Manbij, Safa'a became the first policewoman of her city..
the God parents of Isis, Obama.
