Didn't say he defeated Boko Haram? Which Boko Haram are our soldiers fighting again? Or is this Syria?.
Kerry:  "Hezbollah is not plotting against us."  Makes me sick..
And still people (and the Russians) say the US is not operating against AQ in Syria. Ridiculous.
This is #Syria's #Assad.
Before the FAILED.
The Syrian Patient..
Assad: Syria is paying the price for declaring independence from the West.
This is called #terrorism….
Is this Palestinian refugee camp Syria's next Yarmouk?:.
Because Syria is COMPLEX and we have a sitting President that she will not undermine..
Iraqi forces advance on town where Is.
One is a screen grab from a Hollywood film, the other is the real life brave Shia fighters battling ISIS at the front l….
📌 “the scene is set for an extremely dangerous episode..." Abadi says 'we are ready' if TR wants war.
Assad: Syria is paying the price for declaring independence from the West.
Iraq: IS pushed back as Shia militias launch fierce assault south of Mosul.
November 02, 2016 at 11:45PM and the syrian army is playing sim #syria.
What is this headline. Why is it like this.
"Poignant video of fleeing Mosul girl removing IS-enforced niqab".
500,000 dead 1,600,000 injured 11,000,000 displaced this is Syria 2016 visit  #Syria.
This is an incredible website.
#SRO - #ALEPPO OFFENSIVE STOPPED | Here is the situation as November 2, 2016. No changes since 48 hours as Jaysh al-Fa….
As Mosul is gradually liberated, its citizens reveal Islamic State's brutality.
Syria is not Complex. Hillary's email says 5 times, we bombed them for Israel, its right here -.
newspaper for list is ready:.
#Syria is paying the price of its independence”.
#Russia is well aware of which of America's terrorist puppets carried out the attack on the convoy 19 September..
Need sanctions against Turkey ,the way he is treating his own people and invading Syria and Iraq.
Is this satire?.
Soon the world will discover HRC & Obama are at the center of the Syrian conflict, profited from the Clinton foundation,….
#Moscow #SaintPetersburg Assad: Syria is paying the price for declaring independence from the West.
Turkmens of Syria and Iraq are not a minority. They are the original people! The leader of Türkmeneli is Ersat Salihi….
New York is people be doing the most😭😭. Fuck isis . I'm from #Brooklyn.
Banner calling for the freedom of US journalist Austin Tice will remain on building until he is released.
Mosul residents say IS forcibly gathering Iraq civilians for possible use as human shields.
US State Departmentt claims comparing Mosul with Aleppo is 'insulting' #Aleppo #Mosul.
The State Department is fuming over Russia's 'ludicrous,' 'insulting' comments about Mosul htt….
As I have said before, if is elected, ISIS will raise their pathetic flag over the WH even if only….
TRUTH about IS What a mess.
