I have the chance to do what makes me happy!! #worlds.
And the 32-year-old Fireworks singer even donned prosthetics to transform into a very convincing version of h....
The #CrookedHillary Foundation invited a Minister implicated in human organ trafficking to a CGI.
We need to know where the candidates stand on #DakotaAccess. VOTE for a #NoDAPL question during Sunday's #debate. http….
Providing Copiers for the #PresidentialDebate: An Inside Look #Debate #Copiers #CyberAware.
Hilary should get him arrested for interfering in the election. The republicans have been playing get Hilary for....
#CrookedHillary failed to complete the State-Dept's highest-level-of-training required for secret.
Retweet if you will be the 1st person in line to vote for Donald Trump for President in November! 🇺🇸.
Are you ready to make history, #VirWINia? The election is just ten days away: Make sure you're ready to vote at.
Stop lying. did nt cancel anything. She is in Florida with JLO a concert n her honor 2 win the electio….
NEW, by The #GamerGate Case for Donald.
This is the face of evil supporting Hillary. She equates an election victory to Muhammad killing non-Muslims in battle..
More evidence in my inbox, this time from the....
Last yr, claimed $102M in charity. Turned out to be mostly free rounds of golf. $0 of his own cash..
Record your vote, Record the process, tape to be used in evidence if required. Be vigilant. Keep this….
When Clinton didn't "follow rules" they called for her to be hanged in the public square. When Comey did it, they called him a he….
It's hard to overstate turmoil many in the Republican Party feel, searching for leaders, message, even orthodoxy..
This is so true - I’m with stupid: The entire 2016 election has been an insult to our intelligence....
11 days to go and Hillary’s on the trail in Iowa. Tune in now: make a plan to vote:.
I’m with stupid: The entire 2016 election has been an insult to our intelligence.
Hillary takes a nap and is often confused ...who the hell is voting for this invalid?.
Every kid & every family deserves the chance to succeed. That’s what we’re fighting for in this election..
