Isn't it time to hear something positive? Join our movement and fight for a brighter tomorrow. #debate #debatenight  http….
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
The FBI INCLUDE in  #DEBATE #NeverTrump #Vote Gary Johnson  #tlot #vote #vote #tlot #vote.
AMEN! If #MainstreamMedia really wants to know who #Hacked this election, here's your answer ☞ 🕇..
I will never understand why this isn't a bigger story this election..
My newest addition to my WTF file..
Well they thought angry nativism would be enough to win a general election, so it's not like they have a great trac….
We need to take a stand against this 11th hour meddling in an American election..
Fired up, ready to go! Thanks to all of our volunteers, supporters and staff, we will work up to Election Day. #IWillVote….
DeShawn from Akron says he voted early for Hillary today because he couldn't wait until Election Day to make history..
“More than 16.5 million people have already voted in this election.” —Hillary.
TO: FBI Director Comey.
RE: Attempting to interfere with an election.
Great work Most important election yet for Latinos. Not enough for us to win, we have to send a message!! #JuntosSe….
This election isn't an ordinary election. Vote Senator Richard Burr out of office and in. #GoBlue.
Turns out Rep. Chaffetz lied about Director Comey's intent in order to influence a presidential election. Utah voters….
We are all hearing it, "How can I Change my Vote"? States must provide help in this election! I wouldn't want my vote g….
Just 10 days left until Election Day. Take 10 minutes tonight to help elect on Nov. 8. Get started:.
Ready to get active this election season? Get started right now with.
Nominees in #Yukon #election reminded of #Indigenous issues: Click here to find out more:.
Election fraud CA! DEMS bribing halfway house $300 rebate to vote HRC!.
calls FBI letter ahead of election "not just strange," but "unprecedented and deeply troubling".
We need to disinfect after this ele….
