Today in literary news: The top five contenders for the Nobel Prize in Literature; what is Future Sex?.
Dario Fo, winner of 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature, dies at 90..
2016 Nobel Prize was awarded to a brilliant Ordinary Person that turns simple words into Literature. Congrats!.
A powerful New Yorker article on Ursula K. Le Guin, who has not yet received the Nobel Prize for Literature:.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature, Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej dies at 88... by #WSJ via.
Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize recognizes him not only as a musician, but as, "a poet of disruption and revolution"..
Tom Waits Congratules Bob Dylan On Nobel Prize October 14, 2016 at 06:45AM.
Shocker: Nobel Prize In Physics Goes To Topology In Materials, Not Gravitational Waves!.
Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2016 Goes to Japanese Researcher into Autophagy.
#Deplorables #pjnet Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2016 Goes to Japanese Researcher into Autophagy.
Yo All six of America's 2016 Nobel Prize winners are immigrants.
Reminiscent of Obama's Peace Prize, Nobel Prize for Literature awarded to a man who hasn't written any literature. http….
Does a musician have any right to win the Nobel Prize in literature?.
Opinion: Why Dylan deserves this Nobel Prize.
SAUSAGE FEST!!! What do all of the 2016 Nobel Prize winners have in common? via.
In honor of #BobDylan - congratulations again on winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature! #SpreadTruth.
A man s a #success if he wakes up in t morning&goes to bed at night&in bw does what he wants to do~ Bob Dylan….
Announcement of the 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature.
Congratulations to 10-time GRAMMY winner on being awarded the 2016 in Literature!.
This year's Nobel Prize in Chemistry heralds the age of molecular machines:.
I read the first three words and was about to get super upset....then came 'wins Nobel Prize', and I'm now happy. 2016 got….
Shocker: Nobel Prize In Physics Goes To Topology In Materials, Not Gravitational Waves! | Forbes.
Ironic that article appears as Dylan wins Nobel Prize Literature a life of disruption.
