"The reason people mistrust Hillary Clinton is because they're paying attention" - #debate #debatetonight #X….
When it comes to #Jobs, #Transportation & the #MiddleClass,.
Following conviction demand life without for Hilary, Bill and all who aided and abetted the Clinton Crime Cartel.Se….
Heard the #debate Donald Trumpkin attended #pumpkinfest in #princeedwardcounty last week.….
"This is how one of my FB friends watched the debate!".
Could Hillary's smile cost her the election?.
Someone get the guy who found these bbm screenshots to leak Hilary Clinton's emails pls.
I wont fall for this E-mail shit about Hilary Clinton. Hilaryclinton who cares . My question is was the world....
I wish I'd been invited to the #debate -- I have plenty of experience dealing with entitled rich boys. -HG.
The one thing he's learned in the past 22 years is that Hilary Clinton would make a horrible president.
When the Hornets Dance Cam, Halloween, the Election and Juju On That Beat collide....
asked me to sing a song written by about the election. I play POTUS. Check it out:.
New FBI investigation may just be a smokescreen to cover the latest bombshell Wikileaks.
Why? The election and GOV have been shown to be a complete sham. lawless Obama and Hillary have been busy fucking up the….
The day I write that the race is so emotional that no minds will change, everyone writes me in hysterics. Awesome..
This is probably the most important election of my lifetime.
will broadcast on Tues 6:30pm ET on our newly created GEN YouTube channel! Election fraud: the preservation of….
11 Days Before the Election, MSNBC’s Chris Matthews Admits the Truth About Hillary.
The Justice Department will send special election observers to only 4 states on Election Day..
"Mask index" helps predict Election Day outcome: Over the past 20 years, the "Spirit Halloween" poll has corr....
If you're voting for Hillary, don't stop there. We need to support Democrats down the ticket. Here's why:.
The U.S. town preparing to go 'gun crazy' if Hillary Clinton wins.
#BREAKING: Comey, the man who was made a martyr because he dared to do his job. I call that man an American Patriot..
In Hillary's America, Wall Street Will Be In the Saddle..
Can someone tell me why Trump lying about everything related to emails over the last few days isn't as newsworthy as the email….
Now we'll really find out the truth. Podesta complains about Comey's timing. Would it have been better to wait til aft….
Voters have been told for months that the Clinton Foundation "does good work." Why haven't they been told that it's being crim….
Metadata shows thousands of emails sent to/from Clinton email server on cyber-pedo Weiner's computer. Not good..
WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton hid the "depth" of her email scandal from her own campaign manager and staff.
Must-read reporting on the Lynch Justice Department aggressively killing Clinton Foundation investigations..
10 days until the election. & I want to remind you w/ this video what's still at stake. #DontCheckOut.
#Doug Schoen has just renounced his support of Hillary Clinton due to the Email scandal.  #FoxReport kudos to Mr. Schoe….
Um...so when Barack obama flies around daily on OUR dime to influence the election does this trigger the Hatch Act? 100 oth….
"...history can give us solace. When parties split up, as the Whigs did in the 1850s, over slavery, we got Lincoln" http….
Clinton's most emailed aid in the US State Department, Jake Sullivan, used personal email to talk with Clinton about bringin….
Rumors Circulating on 4Chan — Clinton To Step Down On Tuesday! via.
Vote for #RyanSolen, the CORRECT "Ryan" for #WI.
The world knows we NEED.
YES!!! NO QUESTION ABOUT IT!!! On Clinton Emails, Did the F.B.I. Director Abuse His Power?.
🚨#SyriaGate: The truth about ISIS & Syria.
Hillary Clinton Just Released The GREATEST AD OF ALL TIME!!! This Will Make Your YEAR! (VIDEO).
LOVE THE Clinton Said...!.
At this rate we're about 12 hours from a Democrat saying the FBI is trying to rig the election..
Make sure tomorrow is the spookier day: http….
Do not let the country down..
Hillary Clinton urges supporters to block out the “noise” while campaigning in key swing state by.
Oh look the Clinton Foundation is under federal investigation.
What Did Bill Clinton Lie About? Christopher Hitchens on the Values of the Worst Family.
UBS and the Clinton Foundation might be the key to Hillarys downfall, I got emails pro….
