Bill Clinton quoted in Klein's book "Guilty as Sin", he wanted to board Loretta's plane to influence her. Bill should be Hil….
#trump will do and say ANYTHING to win.
#Clinton Body Count: 5 Found Dead in a Month, All Linked To #DNC.
is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate htt….
Trump encourages CO voters to vote more than once.
A Trump trifecta: this advice to supporters is simultaneously alarming, nonsensical and useless..
Donald Trump falsely pretended to be a donor to a charity for kids with AIDS..
Meanwhile... Wisconsin Republicans are trying to demonstrate how to truly rig an election: by disenfranchising people. http….
Donald Trump: Traitor, Liar, Danger to the World.
CLAIMS TO MAIL-IN.
Donald Trump wants to know why Native Americans don't pay taxes..
Newly discovered emails unlikely to change decision not to charge Clinton, experts say.
Shoppers are boycotting Ivanka Trump’s clothing line to protest Donald’s comments:.
Note to developing wrld - Don't model democracy on these guys. From media to judiciary to financing,its.
Trump offered Chris Christie VP role first, sources say: A last minute move by Trump's inner circle to bring ....
Not the Onion: Trump tells supporters to vote "4 or 5 times" (voiding the previous ballots) to prevent voter fraud. htt….
Washington Post's account of Trump's 'charity' efforts reveals him to be worse than you ever thought.
Harry Reid letter to Comey: you have explosive information about ties between Trump and the Russian govt.
Together we can stop Trump. Add a brick in this wall to keep him from the White House #1uVote.
We asked to imagine what Obama might be thinking about this election and Trump. She wrote this song..
More than 100 lawsuits, disputes over taxes tied to Trump and his companies.
FBI obtains warrant to read.
Trump says, "I respect the fact that Dir Comey was able to come back, after what he did! I respect that very….
Leaked email reveals that Bob Creamer, who engineered violence, is 'close to Robby Mook' -- Clinton campaign manager.
Chuck Todd to Mike Pence: Trump's latest tax return isn't under audit. Where are those?.
Newly Discovered Emails Unlikely to Change FBI Decision Not to Charge Clinton, Experts.
Sources say Comey's FBI has "explosive" details about Trump's ties to Russia.  Too close to election to disclose. Yup..
Trump wins by 5 to 6 points..
Shouldn't she be packing to move in case Trump wins.
"You never know whats going to come thru that door, but when Trump is president, it won't be those god damn illegals" ht….
Newly discovered emails unlikely to change decision not to charge Clinton: experts via.
We need to demand warrant for Trump campaign emails re Trump/Russia collusion to tamper with an.
FBI has a search warrant to review emails that may be tied to Clinton.
US editor of Israel's Haaretz: Thanks to Trump, We Can Better Understand How Hitler Was Possible via.
When Trump says the system is rigged, he's not just referring to voter fraud. 18 U.S. Code § 2071: HRC is ineligible to be….
In final sprint, Trump targets Democratic states while Clinton tries to gin up enthusiasm among minorities - ... -.
#RegurgitatingTrump: Via Rep. Scott Rigell Urges Republicans To Stand Against Donald Trump.
He brings her up and even gets to say a few words. Mexican heritage and says Trump is only candidate for law and or….
JUST IN: FBI obtains warrant needed to start reviewing emails found on laptop used by Clinton aide Huma Abedin.
And now we go live to Clinton campaign headquarters.
to vote Right not Wrong..
Trump telling ( people) to commit fraud?.
America is blessed to have a man like Gov. Mike Pence as Trump's VP..
There are enough people implicated in Hilly's scandals that Trump may have to build a new Fed prison to hold 'em al….
Man hangs black mannequins in tree next to his Trump yard sign. Says just "Halloween". This is why I don't give a shit about….
Is it illegal to take photos in a voting booth? And other #ElectionDay dos and don'ts..
Lawyers in talks to permit email search....
Fla paper makes unprecidented apology to readers for anti-Trump coverage; 'you deserve more balance'.
