Hilary Clinton is very lucky....if she was running against anybody else but Trump....she would have lost....
Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton campaign's payroll via #hilary employee broke up Trump rally paid well too.
Hilary Clinton is the WORST! Check why in this podcast linked above ⬆️ 🇺🇸.
We paid out on Hilary Clinton winning the US Presidential election today. wasn't happy about it....
Samantha Power who is not a fan of Hilary.
Should be under scrutiny for his endorsement of a criminal in Hilary Clinton? This is a 2 way street, don't be….
Hilary Clinton vs Monica Lewinsky via.
Hilary Clinton Vs Donald Trump 😂😭✌#debates2016.
Just realized I bought a sticker that has a young version of Hilary and Bill Clinton on it from the 70s. #burnit.
Hilary Clinton polluting #georgia water & it's just ok..
Melania Trump is doing the same thing her husband has accused Hilary Clinton of doing. - Dustin.
Hilary Clinton is a Scorpio.....
Big day tomorrow! Stay tuned for my video during the debate!! #Trump #Clinton #Debate #Crusoe.
🚨WATCH Hillary Clinton LYING in #Bosnia.
#Debate fact check: Hillary Clinton does not support single-payer health care. It's a gripe among younger supporters.
Stars of stage and screen gather in New York for show benefiting Clinton.
Governor Bevin of Kentucky talking bloodshed if #Clinton wins. There may be uprisings if #Trump loses..
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton Campaign Bus Caught Dumping Human Waste In Geo....
It just keeps getting funnier at each watch! Trump vs. Clinton Town Hall Debate Cold Open - SNL via.
State Department official 'pressured' FBI to declassify Clinton email: FBI documents via.
Hillary Clinton's campaign grouped potential VP picks by their race and gender.
Trump Just Accidentally Admitted That Hillary Clinton Is Cleaning His Clock via.
State Dept. denies Kerry asked Ecuador to stop Julian Assange from releasing Clinton docs.
70 Nobel laureates endorse Hillary Clinton.
The Clinton camp has Michelle and Barack. Trump's got this guy. #NotTheMostImpressiveObama.
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:.
Obama lectures Trump on #VoterFraud just as a VIDEO BREAKS exposing Clinton Camp.
Supporter of Rotten Hillary Clinton as well as Black Lives Matter. Has no problem with voter fraud. #DrainTheSwamp.
Clinton 49.
Clinton 45.
This Explains What #Hillary #Clinton DOES NOT Care About!.
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's.
"Explosive undercover video reveals Clinton camp mischief".
Hillary Clinton's 5 Greatest Fake Accomplishments.
*This* is vote rigging: A Pennsylvania Republican is distributing fake online voting ads to Clinton supporters..
Trey Gowdy Reminds Hillary Clinton 'You Do That Your GoingTo Jail".
‘I need a favor’: FBI official at center of alleged Clinton email ‘quid pro quo’ speaks out.
Leaked Chelsea Clinton emails reveal discord at bitter tensions inside the Clinton's.
VIDEO: Obama, Clinton, Bernie Shout 'Rigged System' Claims....
Hillary is unfit to be president because her husband was accused of improper behavior and she defended him!.
they cant ignore it they have to expose that they work for Hillary Clinton she….
Clinton..
Impacting US election: Ecuador cut off Assange’s net because Clinton leaks ‘breached impartiality’ #Trump2016 #TRUMP.
Vote for Monica Lewinsky Ex-Boyfriend Wife Funny Hillary Clinton Anti-Obama.
Breaking: Former teen mayor of Partridge, Minnesota seen campaigning for Hillary Clinton..
Sanders says "Clinton is NOT qualified to be President" let's not forget this folks!!.
Clinton Challenges Trump for a Traditional Republican Bloc, White Catholics.
