And the Award of disgraceful Behavior goes to.
Abdallah during public comment made a link btw the Cubbies winning the World Series and Hilary Clinton to be first….
Trump supporters put the fear of GOD into the media. The ramifications are huge!.
Trump is the best choice for ALL Americans! United To Make America Great Again! Watch This Viral Video! #Debate.
Citizens of Brussels Have An Important Message For Americans Heading To The Polls This Year #MAGA  #Debate #MelaniaTrump.
This should DEFINITELY be part of the #debate. It's proof of Hillary organizing VOTER FRAUD. #DrainTheSwamp.
Tomorrow night Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton take the stage for the final #debate. Watch our live coverage here:.
These tweets by #trumppence in 2012 show he was absolutely the same raging, racist lunatic that he is today! #debate #clinton….
Hey Mr. you need to have in the front row at the next #debate #ProjectVeritas.
The One Man Who The Clintons Fear More Than Any Other Person Because Of What He Knows #Debate htt….
This is the greatest election in history.
One of the largest female-driven protests on Tuesday morning was at Trump Tower in New York.
Extremely long lines form at Atlanta-area polling locations on the first day of early voting in Georgia. h….
Benghazi Victim's Mom Will Attend the 3rd Presidential Debate as Guest of Trump Bro Good….
Hillary Clinton's campaign bus illegally DUMPED POOP in the streets. Hazmat and EPA had to be called..
is the most-liked politician in the US. What does that mean for the future of left politics here?.
The only thing Hillary Clinton can't cough up is the truth. Merica..
"Bracing for the possibility of...violence on Election Day." Wow. Never thought I'd see that said about America..
😂😂 Hillary Clinton Lying Her ass off about Sell Out while Podesta Stabs him in the back Again!!#Evangeli….
In 2013, Hillary Clinton told China that the US had rights to the entire Pacific and, not only that, "discovered Japan." GS-1….
The most punctilious, detailed indictment of Hillary Clinton & her unfitness to serve as #Potus that I've ever read. h….
Seriously this has to be the dumbest Tweet of the entire election..
Wish I could sit front row of the #Debate tomorrow night and do this to - Tho she be but little, she….
BREAKING: Clinton Campaign Proven To Be Breaking Campaign Finance Laws& Colluding W/ The DNC During Primary.
"In the quiet moments backstage or at the end of a long day, I find myself thinking about my mother.".
Vogue endorses for president of the United States:.
Bill & Hillary Clinton Foundation may be the greatest ponzi scheme in history of United States..
Best news of the day: Ecuador cuts internet for WikiLeaks founder over 'impacting US election'.
More #Wikileaks: Here, the Clinton campaign looks to manufacture chants of U-S-A, U-S-A while engaging in anti-White "ang….
#PodestaEmails11 #Wikileaks HRC campaign scrambling to get a copy of the book 'Clinton Cash' before big 60 minutes int….
#TrumpRally cancelled in Chicago as a result of Hillary & her campaign inciting violence back in March. Media Wanted t….
Environmental group that backed Sanders in the primary now urging voters to support Clinton over Stein:.
Jerry Falwell Jr.: Trump is a different man than the man you saw on that video 11 years ago & he wants what's best for the Ame….
talks to the retired FBI agent --he of  the purported 'quid pro quo' in the Hillary Clinton email saga.
#FBI Agents Say #JamesComey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of #HillaryClinton Email Investigation....
This article is the biggest crock of bullshit I've ever seen on and that's saying something..
Watch the media bury yet another HUGE story in favor of STILL talking about 11 year old Trump comments..
