I'm working on #debate pantsuit as fast as possible. I chose this print for the lining..
These tweets by #trumppence in 2012 show he was absolutely the same raging, racist lunatic that he is today!….
This is the billboard Las Vegas #GOP is driving up and down the strip for the last #Debate...good for them. #NeverTrum….
Even w/the RIGGED MSM!.
LIVE FROM VEGAS 10/19!!! It's The Death Battle Everyone's Waiting For!!! Only $29.95 on PAY PER VIEW MSM!!!! #debate.
Catch the final #debate here at #Baruch! Join students, alumni, faculty, for our debate screening. RSVP here:.
I should probably wait until after the #debate tomorrow incase something happens there that will change my mind...….
DRAIN THE SWAMP!.
The Press and the media constantly said Ronald Reagan was losing. The established Republicans were against him. #debate….
"No serious person would even suggest you could rig the election"-Obama minutes before undercover video proves rigging….
Ecuador bowed to Kerry's demand, cut off Assange's Internet because he is influencing the election..
Your party rigged the election against Bernie Sanders, then Hillary hired Debbie Wasserman Schultz.….
The cuffs are coming!! 🚓🚓👮🏼👮🏼 #DrainTheSwamp.
deniers want to censor some news reports until after the election....
This election will decide whether we are ruled by the people or the politicians. #DrainTheSwamp.
#BernieSanders Might Actually Still Win the Presidential Race…In #Vermont.
Chris Wallace rehearses for the final #debate. Visit on Instagram Stories for more behind the scene….
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! h….
interesting reflections from foreign journalists on the US presidential election.
No surprise - liberal website Politico gets caught by Wikileaks colluding with the Clinton campaign:.
Check out BOMBSHELL: How Democrats Have Been Rigging The Election For 50 Years from.
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! h….
Dem admits mass voter fraud. Will the media cover real news for once? #Veritas #podestaemails11.
Thank you for reporting on the videos on #SpecialReport with #Veritas.
Read Before Halloween - Donald the Destroyer - Art Work Desecrated in the.
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence....
Seriously,  and the media and the DNC are rigging the election! Silly little Republicans.
Brit Hume seems unhappy with the Fox News poll showing Clinton up big..
Check out my latest article in  about dealing with stress and the election.
Its happening get the hell in here #Anonymous.
Rigging the Election Video II:.
MUST WATCH AND SHARE: Rigging the Election – Video II: Mass Voter Fraud does it again!.
Spread the word!! #MAGA3X.
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence... via.
🚨MASS VOTER FRAUD .DEMS RIGGING THE ELECTION🚨 & Corrupt MSM Covering It UP #Veritas #DrainTheSwamp.
When Trump's TV show "The Apprentice" didn't win an Emmy, he was a sore loser then, claiming the system was rigged. He has….
