Social Security reform is on the ballot this year too that there's much mention of….
Who leaked the DNC emails?.
I'm mad for you. It's criminal how the Left obscures the truth!.
#CrookedHillary flunked the Washington D.C. bar.
Who does that 12 days before the election? Yea that's right- LOSERS Tim Kaine Sarasota rally canceled.
The polls disagree, and that's OK..
Stalin:It's enough that people know there was an election The people who cast votes decide nothing. People who count vot….
Even Clinton's most senior aides were unprepared for the scale of the email scandal:.
There's regular narcissism, then there's wish-yourself-happy-birthday & call-yourself-the-future-president-before-the-elec….
It's just the culture created by this election. McCarthyites have always revealed far more about themselves than their smea….
The 2014 election was largely about "stopping Obama's illegal and unconstitutional executive Amnesty"  R's said just give….
Rother Council by-elections capture current Lib Dem health in miniature: The big by-election news this week h....
smashes sad host calling their shill network the Clinton News Network.….
Gorka on Clinton Foundation and Pay for Play: Let the Peasants Obey the Rules! - Breitbart.
WITH NO DOUBT I KNOW CHELSEA HUBBARD IS A SPOILED WENCH WHO DOES SHE THINK SHE IS SHES IN A CORRUPT FAMILY WITH THE NAME C….
Feckless puppet has turned his back on the American people. Taking money from Soros comes with strings..
The troll who created this phony "invoice" admits it's a fake:.
otherwise known at the Clinton News Network taking orders from the Crooked Hillary camp. These ppl are so corrupt! # e….
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback & support. Lets #MAGA! h….
Racist, rich guys getting my vote? I hate it. The only ppl I want getting my vote are competent, sane ppl like.
is CREDIBLE from the.
CNN host gets REALLY triggered when calls it the "Clinton News Network". 😆.
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp.
Independent presidential candidate who spent 10 years in the CIA, could make history this election:.
boys and girls swept the Region 5-AAAAAA cross-country championship on Thursday at Clinton Far….
