"we need to clean this up" -- Clinton campaign panics after Obama misleads public over Clinton emails.
Fans reacts to Peter Okoye's post on Hilary Clinton, Peter claps back.
I find it weird someone calling me to ask me to vote for Hilary Clinton and the Democratic Party. They never did....
My mom and her friends are going to Ellen today and they dressed as Hilary Clinton and the Secret Service.
Steelers Mike Tomlin donated money to Hillary Clinton's campaign#morningjoe#MSNBC#FoxNews#GOP.
60,000,000 million reasons never to vote for Hilary Clinton who supports abortion on demand..
Only an Uncle Tom Black President Obama who is run by his white owners Bill & Hilary Clinton would do this to Nativ….
"I'm just going to picture everyone as Hilary Clinton tomorrow".
Curt Schilling starts radio show to stop 'career criminal' Hillary Clinton via.
Democratic left start to turn on presumtive president Clinton.
Hillary Clinton's record-breaking campaign fundraising, by the numbers.
New Wikileaks show the Clinton camp planning to 'use' black victims to push their gun agenda. Erica Gardner speaks out an….
Julian Assange claims ‘crazed’ Clinton campaign tried to hack.
Michael Moore on Hillary Clinton: She Is "Not Good for the United States" (VIDEO).
Memo is a 'smoking gun' in 'pay-to-play' Clinton.
Students erupt as Clinton takes the stage..
124 references to "quid pro quo" and "pay to play" across WikiLeaks Clinton, Podesta & DNC emails.
Compare this to Hillary Clinton.. then vote Trump..
Trump's closing-days plan: Use Facebook marketing to get Clinton supporters to stay home..
"f'king insane" -- Clinton insider Neera Tanden on Clinton's use of private email to run the US State Department.
Assange claims ‘crazed’ Clinton campaign tried to hack WikiLeaks..
"Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former.
'Why would you want to "use" my dad?': Erica Garner slams Clinton camp over WikiLeaks emails via.
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect.
'Make Soros happy': Inside Clinton team's mission to please billionaire VIP via the App.
The Clinton campaign refused to even accept a letter from indigenous activists who traveled 1000s of miles. #NoDAPL.
#RT CNN: Republicans are already promising years of investigations and blocked nominees if Hillary Clinton wins th….
We Know There's Only One Final Chance to Beat the Clinton Cartel.. Vote for on Nov. 8th! #MAGA #TrumpPence16….
As police in ND seem poised to raid #NoDAPL camp, Standing Rock youth flood Clinton campaign HQ to demand she oppose Dako….
🚨 'Clinton campaign coordinated with State Department to answer foundation questions about.
THE PUPPET MASTER: Leaked emails show Clinton team’s eagerness to please George Soros.
Clinton to spend election night under a glass ceiling.
'Why would you want to "use" my dad?': Erica Garner slams Clinton camp over WikiLeaks emails h….
Latest WikiLeaks email dump ties Clinton Foundation to personal enrichment claims.
