W/ Ph.D. adviser Bob Laughlin (Nobel Prize in Physics) 1st time 2 physicists were in fashion section of newspaper 😎.
Nobel prize: 5 scientists leading the way in Ireland via.
The world community is calling  for Obama to return the Nobel peace prize..
The Nobel Peace prize winner, constitutional law lecturer & community organizer is getting worried..
KYGO - STAY- feat. MATY NOYES - The 2015 Nobel Peace Prize Concert vía.
In ethical inversion: Nobel Peace Prize turned into Americ….
A-HA feat KYGO - TAKE ON ME - EXCLUSIVE - The 2015 Nobel Peace Prize Con... vía.
In 2009, Obama pledged to "rid the world of nuclear weapons" & was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize....
Happy Birthday to    Paul Sabatier, an organic chemist who shared the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1912 with Victor….
Castro was given the award a day before Malala Yousafzai was given the Nobel Peace Prize.
A magnificent masterpiece incredible amazing breathtaking show-stopping remarkable never-the-same emotional nobel peace prize….
LOL... A Tale of Two Nobel Peace Prize Laureates.
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature. But in science, the times they aren’t a-changin'..
OPEN LETTER TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FROM RECIPIENTS OF THE NOBEL PRIZE in Economics..
#OTD 1930 Sinclair Lewis received a call saying he's the first American to win a Nobel Prize for Literature. He thought he….
Winston Churchill, Nobel Prize in Literature #Quotes Andy Murray.
Bob Dylan's Silence on Nobel Prize Is Called 'Impolite and Arrogant' by Academy Member #books #literature.
Finally some good news! Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize for literature..
All of the 2016 US-based Nobel Prize winners were born ... outside the U.S. Key data point given immigration debate:.
❤#Entertainment #Buzz #BobDylan 2016 WINNER OF THE NOBEL PRIZE IN LITERATURE 1981 WRITINGS #Memorabilia #Sale….
Take back Aung San Suu Kyi's Nobel Peace Prize! - Sign the Petition! via.
He won the Nobel Prize for Peace..
The Nobel Prize needs Bob Dylan more than Bob Dylan needs the Nobel Prize. by.
Mr. and the grief of receiving the Nobel, WITHOUT HAVING PEACE. Big error Academy in Osl….
It is rumored that the Nobel Literature Prize Committee considered replacing Bob Dylan with Pard. Maybe next year.
52 years ago today, Martin Luther King, Jr. received the Nobel Peace Prize. Treasury will honor his legacy on the new $5 bi….
New LSE event podcast! The Legacy of Peace with Nobel Prize winner #LSEColombia….
Bob Dylan gets the Nobel Prize in literature. How amazing! He's been inspiring us since day one. A true poet and he kn….
In a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't vote for Trump".
How Lise Meitner Discovered Nuclear Fission, but Was Denied the Nobel Prize..
fuck Bob Dylan this tweet deserves a Nobel Prize for literature.
Nobel Prize in Literature - Portraits of Legendary Laureates. #ThursdayThoughts #PodestaEmails28.
Ernest Rutherford's 1908 Nobel Prize in Chemistry wasn't given for the nu... #AndreGeim #quotes.
❤❤#Entertainment #Buzz #BobDylan 2016 WINNER OF THE NOBEL PRIZE IN LITERATURE 1981 WRITINGS #Memorabilia #Sale….
Oh baby. The day Honey G wins a MOBO is the day Donald Trump wins the Nobel Peace Prize. #xfactor.
Nobel Prize for Literature awarded to US folk singer Bob Dylan.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
A letter signed by 370 economists, some whom have won the Nobel Prize, urges voters not to vote for Trump.
in Literature.
Today in 1930: Sinclair Lewis becomes the first US writer to receive the Nobel Prize in Literature..
congrats on the pulitzer prize. songwriting being viewed as the breathtaking literature it can be. ❤️.
oops just lost the nobel prize for self-awareness #obama #Trump #tcot.
Bob Dylan wins  Nobel Prize for Literature.
RT: :Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature. But in science, the times they aren’t a-changin'..
Nobel Prize for trolling.
Who is he? Where's his Nobel Peace prize?.
❤❤❤#Entertainment #Buzz #BobDylan 2016 WINNER OF THE NOBEL PRIZE IN LITERATURE 1981 WRITINGS #Memorabilia #Sale….
On #ThisDayInHistory in 1930, An American Nobel Prize in Literature. Read More via.
Song storyteller rewrites rules #freewheelin FWD "How Dylan Stole The Nobel Prize And You Can Too".
I would give Julian Assange the Nobel Peace Prize if I could..
Anike Bowaire, a young physicist genius from Serui #WestPapua won the First Step to Nobel Prize in Physics in 2005..
Great but the Nobel prize for economics is still bogus.
Majority of Nobel Prize winners in the US were refugees. #auspol.
CONGRATSULATIONS  ROBERT ALLEN ZIMMERMAN on being Awarded the NOBEL PRIZE FOR LITERATURE !! Congrats my Frien….
Today in 1993, Alum Toni Morrison becomes the first African American woman to win a Nobel Prize in Literature. #HB….
New LSE event podcast! The Legacy of Peace with Nobel Prize winner #LSEColombia htt….
Why Bob Dylan shouldn’t have gotten the Nobel prize for literature..
The man responsible for this won a Nobel Peace Prize. Qana Massacre 1996. Disgusting. #ShimonPeres.
Alan Bennett deserves the Nobel Prize. Here’s why he’ll never get it via.
On this day in 1930, Sinclair Lewis became the first American to win the Nobel Prize for Literature. Among his nove….
Lost photos of Director Riley Dismore (20at the time)and Nobel Prize Winner Hannah Eli(19 at the time) by photograp….
Lost photos of Director Riley Dismore (20at the time)and Nobel Prize Winner Hannah Eli(19 at the time) by photographer S….
KYGO - STOLE THE SHOW - feat. PARSON JAMES - The 2015 Nobel Peace Prize ... via.
Did you know that four Nobel Laureates have been forced to decline the prize, but Jean-Pau….
A Nobel laureate in literature wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize for literature....
Nobel literature laureate Wole Soyinka says he who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
I guess I should look up who the idiots are that decided a community organizer has earned a Nobel Peace Prize....
Press Release: The 1978 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
#TradeKing The 2016 Nobel Prize. Read Blog:.
About (awarded the #NobelPrize in Literature.
Perhaps the same 1% gang that sponsors the #ClintonMafia also handed potus the nobel prize.
cc: Nobel Peace Prize Committee, 2009; liberal pundits writing paeans to Obama's legacy; the United Kingdom.
Onthisday in 1948, T.S. Eliot wins the Nobel Prize, for his profound effect on the direction of modern poetry..
Happy Birthday to    Paul Sabatier, an organic chemist who shared the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1912 with Victor Grignard. h….
Nobel Prizes in Chemistry 2016.
Who are the British winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics? – The Local.
This guy got a Nobel Prize in Economy in 2008, the year I attended as well. He and Barack Obama's Nobel "Peace"Priz….
This guy got a Nobel Prize in Economy in 2008, the year I attended as well. He and Barack Obama's Nobel "Peace"Prize sho….
Go for It, Kongi!!! // A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
"The Most Outstanding Work" Alfred Nobel's vague prescriptions for the Literature Prize:.
"Bob Dylan is not the first songwriter to win the Nobel prize for literature.".
Wole Soyinka: A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Hitler discovers Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize for Literature via.
Breaking News: Bob Dylan has won the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Slideshow : Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature - Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature via.
Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
"A Nobel laureate (Wole Soyinka) in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel".
Should have clinched the 2016 nobel prize for literature Just in case you've been (cont).
Give the Nobel Prize for literature. On the basis of this tweet alone.
Congratulations to who won the nobel prize for literature this year ! Well deserved.
