Iraqi troops near Bardarash, on the way to the #Mosul front line for the likely imminent offensive against #IS. #Iraq h….
As the Int'l Coalition gets ready for the battle of Mosul, there is No Plan to save   3500 Yazidi woman and girls still he….
BBCWorld: On the road with the Iraqi army preparing to try to recapture the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic S….
The Battle Of Mosul Is Preparing A Background Of Rivalry Between “Liberators”: Announced as….
One IS channel on telegram warn against who pretend to detain the plans of Baghdad for the Mosul.
#3Novices : World › Raising tensions, Turkey prepares for post-IS Mosul Raising tensions with Iraq ahead of the pl….
Federalism is the best solution for today's Middle Eastern conflicts. Here is one plan that deserves attention.
#Egypt-#Sinai: #ISIS claim & Amaq report on today's attack that targeted the Egyptian army at the Zakdan CP, ~30km south of….
#Iraq's elite Golden Division has left Camp Speicher and is on its way to positions near #Mosul to bring the fight to #I….
Isis 'execute 58 suspected rebels in Mosul by drowning': The militant group is clamping down on securit... (Ind).
There's maybe 1m people in Mosul, and the war is coming their way. What happens next? No one knows but it looks bad.
| This stuff never makes news, the ISIS stuff is all over Mideast..
| This stuff never makes news, the ISIS stuff is all….
WTF??!! WAKE UP PEOPLE! The enemy is within!  US offering ISIS passage out of Mosul to fight Assad in Syria |.
"new wave of refugees is likely to be far more difficult to manage than the war itself" #Mosul.
Hitler Erdogan Prepares For The Battle To Invade Mosul While Threatening Iraq. Learn The End Game In This.
He said he knows more about ISIS than the generals, and at the 2nd #debate leveled a new attack at our milit….
How will the next phas....
The offensive is imminent..
What the Offensive on Mosul Will Look Like.
#Egypt- as expected, al-Amaq reporting that #ISIS conducted the attack at Zakdan Checkpoint without losses to the attacking….
What the Offensive on Mosul Will Look Like - The offensive is imminent..
[BBC World] On the road with the Iraqi army preparing to try to recapture the city of Mosul from so-called Is....
What the Offensive on Mosul Will Look Like: The offensive is imminent..
#USA What the Offensive on Mosul Will Look Like: The offensive is imminent. #News.
Aren't you sick of these traitors yet.....The Clinton's, the Obama's and  the Bush's....... Let's break this....
This is the arrogant imperialist that purported anti-imperialists love to cape for; describing the bombing of Syria:.
These young people are partying hard in Syria while the rest of the country is trapped under the rubble..
Is Directly Fueling the Syrian Civil War. Washington Needs to Get Them Out..
According to media, the US and Saudi Arabia have agreed to provide Islamic State (IS) terrorists and....
"These young people are partying hard in Syria while the rest of the country is trap...".
Why is Obama provoking Russia to the point of war…?    #Syria #NoFlyZone.
this is the election cycle from hell..
Russia 'must constantly convince the United States, and the West as a whole, that it is a little crazy.'.
► VIDEO: From a divided #Aleppo to rebel-held Idlib Province, this is the battle for control of Syria.
US Destruction Of Syria Will Take UN With It (which is precisely the plan) via.
Nuclear war is NOT imminent, no matter what the Russians say..
But things are bad, and the Democrats did.
Why is the White House giving weapons to jihadists who want to shoot down western airliners? Absolutely crazy..
Is the Obama Admin Ignoring the Role of Turkey & Saudi Arabia in Syria's 2013 Sarin Gas Attacks? via.
And the "liberating Mosul" spin BS begins. Sorry Washington. The world is getting sick of your shit..
Reports the #IS "currency" Gold & Silver Dinar has reached the city of #Al-Bab, #Syria..
Looks like & R more the warmongers than is:.
Th contrasting pictures of Syria. Some love to live in the dark as if nothing is happening..
Syria's Jaafari: Islam isn't about Saudi Arabia. In the middle of the biggest mosque in Damascus is John th….
If only we had some hint as to who is killing the most in #Syria. Latest stats from the.
All lies! Obama & CIA created ISIS, not Russia. Russia is on the right side of history ht….
The Hillary Clinton dead pool of bodies is despicable and unacceptable in our lifetime. They are no different than ter….
"We trust #Russia and its policy. The Russian policy is based on the morals, and not only on the interests".
Erdogan thinks the only way to send Syrian refugees back home is by rebuilding their country.
#Russia Is Preparing for War, While The #US’ Public [Sheeple] Slumbers On - by Gilbert #Doctorow….
The Battle Of Mosul Is Preparing A Background Of Rivalry Between “Liberators”: Announced as imminent, the bat....
Why the #PKK is so interested in Mosul.
Hillary didn't donate to ISIS. Oh, & the corner pic you used is from Harold & Kumar 2😂 #ImWithHer.
Is real Is The Main Sponsor Of.
Evidence from Wikileaks that Saudi Arabia is funding ISIS... Where's the MSM outrage? #DishonestMedia.
