why does the united states say war is wrong but then we go and launch a new "attack on isis"?.
U.S. attack on Mosul could mean death for Yazidis held as ISIS sex slaves.
Claim: America “Plotting Secret Attack on Syria” With 9,000 ISIS Fighters From Mosul.
MD military members are aiding in fight against ISIS. The deployed these A10 attack jets. Photo courtesy….
Jihadist sympathizer arrested in FL. Claiming 10 other jihadists ready to attack military bases, beaches, schools.
U.S. general reveals new details of Army's involvement in Iraq: ISIS fighters likely to put up stiff de... (CBS).
MD military members are aiding in fight against ISIS. The deployed these A10 attack jets. Photo courtesy.
#ISIS still able to deploy heavy gear vs #SyrianArmy in #DeirEzzor - 3 T-72s, 1 T-55 and 1 BMP-1 seen during last attack….
The Paris attack bombmaker had taken instructions from ISIS in Syria via encrypted messaging. #TerrorInEurope READ:.
Hezbollah Leader explains how US still using ISIS & Al-Qaeda in Syria - ... via.
#MMWCVP  on the U.S. and Iraqi forces battle to retake... by #cvpayne via.
Iraqi general calls on Islamic State militants in Mosul to surrender - via.
Send to MOSUL He alone can Stop ISIS!.
In #Mosul, expect #ISIS to go underground rather than fight a conventional military force head on, says htt….
#isis #iraq #Mosul.
U.S. intel identifies a suspected mastermind of ISIS attacks in Europe — Abdelilah Himich [via.
Iraqi Military on the Offensive to Destroy ISIS – Will POS obama Help?.
Italian Mob Trades Weapons for Looted Art From ISIS in Libya via.
Can the fragile coalition fighting ISIS in Mosul keep it together? via.
The Biggest Battle Yet Against ISIS Has Begun in Mosul via.
Trump vs. the Generals: Here's what 4-stars have said about plans Trump has pitched to defeat ISIS….
VIDEO: Popular Mobilization involved in night-fighting against ISIS near #Mosul with helicopter support. -.
New suspected Isis cell uncovered in Belgium.
#ISIS is….
NEW: U.S. intel identifies a suspected mastermind of ISIS attacks in Europe — Abdelilah Himich [via.
Isis Leader Al-Baghdadi Believed To Be Holed Up In Mosul As Iraqi, Us Forces Close In.
U.S.-backed forces prepare for ISIS to use chemical weapons in Mosul.
