Sick of this president race then,.
Are you kidding me? 7 days before an election? From the 80s?.
Every U.S presidential election is the lesser of two evils..
We're responsible to voters & can't treat this election like a reality TV show. Hillary's the only candidate tak….
2016 Election Forecast: Who Will Be President? -88% chance of winning 12%..
STUNNING NEW REVELATIONS re Hillary, Obama collusion & PROOF of election rigging by White #MAGA.
calls out GOP: "Promising even more unprecedented gridlock in Washington before we've even had the election" http….
Yeah, it was just a lonely verified FBI twitter account, and then it woke up just before the election..
The stock market correctly signals election outcome 86 percent of time since 1928 -- and it's not going Hillary's way. htt….
2016 Election: What Does the Bible Say About It?.
mashable : The Weather Channel knows just how tired you are of this election ….
See if you can help somebody get to the pools on Election Day with this free app.
State Department Documents Definitively Show #HumaAbedin Violated The Law #RedNationRising  #Hillary #Criminal.
But wasn't that the reason fof DD election Malcolm?.
Even the White House thinks that’s.
FBI Reopens investigation on Hillary emails!Will Obama Delay or Suspend Election if Hillary is Forced Out by the New FBI Emai….
GOP "promising even more unprecedented gridlock in Washington before we've even had the election.".
Hannity used the made-up news to claim that President Obama's legacy might be "jail.".
In today's print NYT: the most detailed election map we've ever printed: 30,000+ zip codes across a 4-page spread..
The SORCERY of SOROS - Fraction Magic Exposes Election Rigging - Bible Prophecy Fulfilled?.
Do not read this email; it came from Vladimir Putin and has not yet been reviewed by the property authorities at CNN htt….
Vote Save the Republic: 5 FBI cases probe Hillary inner circle via #MAG….
Twitter Puts Visual Hashtags on a Sweeping Series of Issue-Themed Outdoor Ads for the Election.
Remember- WOMEN NEED TO VOTE, we determine the election. If you stay home, you will wake up wanting a "REDO."….
Dr. James Coleman of PTCI talks about election in Lynchburg VA   via.
Congrats standing up for Drain the swamp. Overturn establishment. Down w/.
487 fact-checks later, the Truth-O-Meter scorecards of (left) and.
Who’s Huma? The Mystery of Our Times | PJ Media.
I blamed the Russians, but I took their cash anyway - Bob Marley #fbisongs #hypocrite.
We voted at the library! #YoVoté #voteforthechildren Early voting ends Friday! Election Day Nov.….
